[SPEAKER_00]: Tonight, July 15, 2012, a popular comic book character is getting his own game.
[SPEAKER_00]: One PC game claims an Apple iOS game stole from them without permission, and Amazon announces a new gaming service.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, it's Orange Launch Radio, just like the intro said.
[SPEAKER_08]: My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about video games and all that fun stuff with my co-host.
[SPEAKER_08]: Joining me here, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_08]: How are you, Jamie Summers?
[SPEAKER_08]: Caffeinated.
[SPEAKER_08]: Welcome back.
[SPEAKER_08]: You weren't here last week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Feeling better?
[SPEAKER_03]: I felt like crap last week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry to hear it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I feel infinitely better this week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Glad to hear it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then you'll be gone next week.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, I will be at Tiara's wedding.
[SPEAKER_08]: You have a great time off program through the network, don't you?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, I suppose a wedding between two people that inadvertently met because of Orange Lounge Radio could be acceptable.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not really.
[SPEAKER_08]: We can't take that much credit, but sort of.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sort of.
[SPEAKER_03]: A little bit.
[SPEAKER_03]: One thing leads to another.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm also joining us here in studio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: How are you?
[SPEAKER_07]: Doing fine.
[SPEAKER_07]: Going through my spam and trying to delete 20 pages of spam.
[SPEAKER_08]: I hate spam.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why can't we... Why can't the internet stop spam?
[SPEAKER_02]: That's what I want to know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Spam in the place where you were.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why won't Howie Mandel stop emailing me about...
[SPEAKER_07]: What is it?
[SPEAKER_07]: You have been selected to be on Deal or No Deal.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, I know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just keep ignoring him over and over.
[SPEAKER_07]: And here they really want me on Deal or No Deal.
[SPEAKER_08]: My favorite is the mailbag address for the show here, mailbag at orangelustradio.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: We get all this French spam.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, it's not just spam.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's en français.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, who signed us up for French spam?
[SPEAKER_08]: I hate you.
[SPEAKER_08]: I personally hate you.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see what else we got here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Are you losing money on your website?
[SPEAKER_07]: The 100% all-natural metabolism booster.
[SPEAKER_07]: Incredibly low prices on 2011 cars.
[SPEAKER_08]: What does that have to... Maybe that's how we can make money with VOG.
[SPEAKER_08]: Don't you kids want some metabolism boosters?
[SPEAKER_03]: How would you like to have a bigger dick?
[SPEAKER_03]: We sell them detachable.
[SPEAKER_07]: Is your car hurting your pocket?
[SPEAKER_07]: I wish Spamusement was still around.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was my favorite webcomic back in the day.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, with all due respect, screw Penny Arcade, forget the oatmeal.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was all about Spamusement back in the day.
[SPEAKER_03]: Get a bigger flute.
[SPEAKER_03]: Actually, the site is still up.
[SPEAKER_03]: They just haven't updated it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know.
[SPEAKER_08]: You are so good to me, Eggplant Mike.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was my favorite.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, anyhow.
[SPEAKER_08]: Welcome to Internet Jokes from 2004.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, chat room!
[SPEAKER_08]: You guys are here, you're current.
[SPEAKER_08]: Welcome.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can join us and participate live with Orange Lounge Radio at...
[SPEAKER_08]: It's at live.vognetwork.com And if you are listening to us live here at VOG Network, the Voice of Geeks Network, be sure to check in and get your points.
[SPEAKER_08]: And if you're like, hey, I want points, listen to us live every Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show is when you can check in live and get your points.
[SPEAKER_08]: Although, you can now check in to the podcast as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's been going for a couple weeks.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have a little more on that in a minute.
[SPEAKER_08]: But first, let's do tonight's kickoff topic.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_08]: We were talking about theater and all that stuff, but one of the other things we talked about towards the end of the show, kind of, like I don't want to say it's a throwaway, but it was one of those things where we were like, oh, we hear about things like this all the time and whatever, and it was about this system.
[SPEAKER_08]: When we were joking, it was called the Oh Yeah!
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh Yeah!
[SPEAKER_08]: We were looking at the name, we were like, the Oh Yeah?
[SPEAKER_08]: The Oh Yeah?
[SPEAKER_08]: How about Oh Yeah?
[SPEAKER_08]: So we started calling it the Oh Yeah!
[SPEAKER_08]: And we were like, whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, we hear about these little consoles all the time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well,
[SPEAKER_08]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_08]: and it's all for this console that technically doesn't exist yet and it's had a lot of interesting upsies and downsies going on like for example you know obviously the up part is you know thousands of people are pre-ordering it causing it to go through five million dollars kickstarters just kicked back and made what about a quarter million dollars half a million dollars off of them um
[SPEAKER_08]: The downs are that we don't really have an actual system.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have prototypes, imaginings.
[SPEAKER_08]: We also have screenshots of proposed things that will come to the system, and one of them is Minecraft, to which Notch, the guy behind Minecraft, came out and said, actually, no, we're not putting Minecraft on this.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, they might be talking about Minecraft Android Edition or whatever, but that sucks.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're not supporting it anymore.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not going to be on Oya.
[SPEAKER_08]: And their response is basically, well, just tell these companies what you want.
[SPEAKER_08]: Tell them what you want, what you really, really want.
[SPEAKER_08]: And we'll magically get all these games to show up on the console.
[SPEAKER_01]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_01]: I wanted a Phantom.
[SPEAKER_01]: My chances sound just as good.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, in a funny, interesting twist of fate, Loki, tell us about your story with this console this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: I backed it right as it came up.
[SPEAKER_08]: What made you decide that it's worth it?
[SPEAKER_08]: Because I don't know, for some reason it just kind of surprised me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because it's cheap, at the very least.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because it's so hackable, if the console part of it just kind of fails and they do deliver on the product.
[SPEAKER_07]: I believe that there still will be stuff that will be supported on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think there's already a lot of games that would be supported on it, especially ones that support Bluetooth controllers and that kind of thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, so there's that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then of course, like I said, the hackable part where you could basically turn this into like a streaming box or, or if you want to, you know, go that far, you could say, turn it into, um, almost like a web TV type thing, you know, where it's hooked up to your TV and you're, you know, checking Facebook, you know, Twitter, that kind of stuff on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, because I don't really have anything.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, let me put it this way.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've been using the Xbox 360 recently to watch YouTube for my son we stream episodes of Caillou because they're like five minutes long and that app fucking sucks I have to reboot the app every time a video ends because it starts stuttering the next video
[SPEAKER_07]: And it pisses me off.
[SPEAKER_07]: My phone doesn't have that problem.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know, our Nook tablet doesn't have that problem.
[SPEAKER_07]: My iPod doesn't have that problem.
[SPEAKER_07]: But this fucking app that they put out on an Xbox 360 just sucks balls.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'd rather have something that would work for streaming, that kind of stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or, you know, I don't necessarily want to dig out my PS3 or my 360 because it's not always hooked up to the TV to stream video from my computer.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then I could do that with, you know, an app for, say, VLC player or something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have something that does all of that and it didn't cost me anything.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have a computer hooked up to my TV that was just given to us because they were going to throw it away.
[SPEAKER_03]: It does all of that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, yes, I can go dumpster diving for a computer.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was given to me, I didn't dumpster dive for it.
[SPEAKER_08]: But to be fair, you are kind of dancing around the fact that there is a value to that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Somebody gave it to you for free because they like you.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you want to go out and get a computer... I could build the same thing for under $100.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, let's go down that road.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why not a PC?
[SPEAKER_08]: Why this box?
[SPEAKER_08]: And I want to hear it out.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want to hear all sides to this.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why not a PC?
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I don't know where I sit with this, honestly.
[SPEAKER_07]: I could build a PC and put it in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: But the thing is, I'd rather have something smaller and compact.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it looks nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it could play games on it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, I could easily do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or I could just stick with the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and not have to pay anything to have it streamed to my TV.
[SPEAKER_07]: But at the same time, I can use this...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: Back in the OLR mansion, when you and I lived together, we actually had a computer hooked up to the TV that we used to feed chat room to the living room, remember?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it was because it was in the arcade cabinet, so it served like a double purpose, or I could wheel out the arcade cabinet that I have into the living room, but I don't really want to do that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, like, our computer that's hooked up to our TV is in an unobtrusive location.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can't really, you don't really notice it unless you're looking down at it.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, we've got the remote, our keyboard is one of those little clamshell things that Logitech puts out.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it's completely unobtrusive.
[SPEAKER_03]: We watch full movies on it in HD quality.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know, never have any lag unless it's the internet that's lagging.
[SPEAKER_03]: We've played games on it too.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dan's got emulators hooked up to it, Pin Mame, all kinds of stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: It would run most of the stuff that's on Steam right now, especially the indie games.
[SPEAKER_03]: On top of that, if any of our friends wants to bring over a computer and hook it up to our TV, the connections are there.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just change out the wires.
[SPEAKER_03]: We don't have to buy a vapor, something that doesn't exist and probably won't be worth the money.
[SPEAKER_08]: How do you feel about Apple TV?
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_08]: I was just curious because to me there's a lot of similarities between the two except one of them is not coming from a little indie company it's coming from you know the biggest company in America or one or two I don't know them and Exxon keep flip-flopping but whatever you get my point you know one of them is coming from the biggest company anywhere and the other one is you know this company nobody's heard of but essentially they're kind of the same thing it's just that Apple TV doesn't do games yet but I think we all know that'll be built in eventually and
[SPEAKER_07]: and then it's just going to be the Apple fans versus the anti-Apple crowd all over again I think there's a lot of startups and stuff and everybody seems to focus on the Phantom and consoles of that sort that flopped because they don't know who these people are but the guy that's doing the design is behind that one laptop per child that wasn't vaporware people were paying money for that to get a $50 laptop or whatever and that ended up turning out just fine
[SPEAKER_07]: So he has a little bit of reputation to uphold there.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was something established and tangible.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, I understand that, but it wasn't when people were ordering it.
[SPEAKER_07]: It wasn't made yet.
[SPEAKER_01]: But laptops existed at the time.
[SPEAKER_07]: I understand that, but to create a laptop that's that cheap with parts, it was very customized.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, try building a laptop for $50.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good luck.
[SPEAKER_01]: Been done.
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, let's see this laptop that you've done.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm not building them, I'm just saying that people have been doing it.
[SPEAKER_07]: You make it sound like it's so goddamn fucking easy to find a $50 laptop.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me just pull one out of my asshole right here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let me jump in.
[SPEAKER_08]: I truly do feel like I'm neutral on this topic.
[SPEAKER_08]: I kinda want one, but I gotta see it in action first.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I don't wanna see theories and maybes and possibles.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want it on the E3 show floor.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I want it to be...
[SPEAKER_08]: The public to give an honest opinion on it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's where I'm at.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I'm not quite in the camp of no way, no how, never either or that it's like a waste.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm kind of in between.
[SPEAKER_08]: But to be fair, I have heard these stories about the kids in countries where they don't have a lot of money in the education system about that there are these charity programs that are getting these super cheap laptops that are like $7,500 in these classrooms.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, that's that laptop.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I mean, so they're not great, but to say, yes, there is a such thing as a $100 laptop, but they're not exactly going to do much, but textbooks.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can buy a smartphone for, you know, $75 to $100.
[SPEAKER_03]: It may not be like all the things that my iPhone are, but it'll do all the same stuff the laptop will.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, if they can put them in a phone, they can build a laptop, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_08]: Operating system.
[SPEAKER_07]: Basically, it's got the same specs or very similar specs to the new quad-core processor tablet that they have coming out.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's like a tablet that's hooked up to a TV.
[SPEAKER_08]: Would it be correct to say that basically what Ouya's going to do is it's going to be a smartphone on your TV without the phone calls?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's going to be a tablet on your TV without... And without touchscreen capability.
[SPEAKER_03]: Which all these games run on.
[SPEAKER_08]: Which I'm okay with, actually, because I'm over touchscreen games.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you were talking about this during Bobby's show, and Bobby was kind of grilling you on this too.
[SPEAKER_08]: You were mentioning you want to play some of these games that are on PC and stuff right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's say a game like Terraria.
[SPEAKER_08]: But you want to play it with a controller on your TV, the way games are meant to be played.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have a controller that I use for Steam.
[SPEAKER_08]: But not every game supports it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, we don't always get what we want.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can understand the angle of wanting to play things on your couch in the living room as opposed to in your, because it would be hypocritical of me to say I don't understand that viewpoint because I've purposely bought games on the console because I want to plop my fat ass on the couch, kick back, and have my Xbox controller and play.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's plenty of games I've wanted to play on the console, but it's just not realistic to do it.
[SPEAKER_03]: especially in my case since I physically have a problem with it but I mean you know I could have gone out and you know paid for example I could have bought Mass Effect for 12 bucks or paid five dollars like I did for it you know or eleven dollars for the two games together on on Amazon sale and get the collector's edition and play through all kinds of ways of it
[SPEAKER_03]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_08]: $5 million has been raised in a week, less than a week.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can't deny that's a huge deal.
[SPEAKER_08]: Whether you support it or not, that's a huge deal.
[SPEAKER_08]: My question is, what is the possible, if any, long-term impact on the next gaming cycle?
[SPEAKER_08]: Do you think Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo is looking at this going, huh?
[SPEAKER_08]: Or do you think, eh, don't care, we could step on these guys?
[SPEAKER_03]: They're looking at it going, no one care.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think they care at all.
[SPEAKER_08]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: But here's the thing though, if this does become popular, because I'm not going to say 50,000 consoles or even 80,000 consoles, it's not necessarily going to be a big splash.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean it's good for what it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: But let's say it gives developers an alternative.
[SPEAKER_07]: They can say, you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't want to try to get my stuff on Xbox Live Arcade.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't want to try to get myself on the WiiWare service or whatever they're calling it for the Wii U. I don't want to try to have to negotiate these really crazy deals or even licensing with these publishers because they're going to try to have too much creative control or whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura.com.
[SPEAKER_07]: And yeah, you could do it with Xbox, indie games, and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I really wish there was more services like that, because that would be awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: But there's not, so you kind of have to... That's why you have all these companies going and saying, Hey, fuck this.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_07]: We want to make this game genre that is not popular with publishers.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's why you see some of these games going to Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_08]: I do think the success this thing is seeing so far without there even being a product to touch is obviously people are very into the dream of what they can do with this console and for me it's a very loud statement against
[SPEAKER_08]: Some of the things we've heard about the next series of consoles, such as you won't be able to play used games, it'll be digital only.
[SPEAKER_08]: Whether these facts are true or not, there are things that have been kicked around there in the internet about these next rounds of consoles and have caused a lot of reaction.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you know what we always say, if you want to make the biggest statement possible, vote with your wallet.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, in a way, now that we have this console out that is basically saying we are the antithesis, we don't even exist, but we are promising that we will not be that console you all are dreading in the future, and they've raised $5 million like that?
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a big statement to me.
[SPEAKER_08]: from the internet.
[SPEAKER_08]: And that's the only thing I think I would be worried about if I was Nintendo, Sony, or Xbox is that whether you personally agree with it or not, people are voting with their wallets right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, granted, $5 million is probably a kick in the bucket when you're Microsoft, but still.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's the other thing, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: I completely forgot.
[SPEAKER_07]: Didn't even consider this.
[SPEAKER_07]: GameGuru brings up, what if Google released a $99 Android console?
[SPEAKER_07]: Especially if this does well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Can you imagine the power of Google saying, hey, you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to take that cool little tablet that we made and we're going to just put it into a console.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, technically, I mean, they did, they created that stupid sphere-looking thing that you can now get, but that's $300, you know, for streaming content.
[SPEAKER_07]: But what if they were to do something similar to that, saying, hey, now you can game on your couch.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can, you know, you can game with this console.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can, you know, Facebook, all the stuff that you can do with, like, WebTV, all in this wonderful console that's low price, and you get access to the Android Marketplace and that kind of stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, going to our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: Breakman says, Microsoft is looking at the OUYA and thinking about running a company contest to see who can make the most fun of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, one thing Microsoft does very well is they take other people's ideas and make them better and then release it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's one thing Microsoft's been doing for quite a while, and some might debate me on that point, but that's another thing I think Microsoft would be looking at this going, hmm.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, I mean, the whole free-to-play model, if I understand correctly, it's no different from Xbox Live's model right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not necessarily that all games are free-to-play forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just that all games have to have a free-to-play download that you can unlock all levels for five bucks or whatever they go with it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, here's the thing, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: On Kotaku this week, they've been having their little discussions about the Ouya and that kind of stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Seriously, every single one is just trying to talk people out of buying one or backing it or something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And one of their concerns was piracy, which, yes, piracy does exist, probably quite prevalent on the Android marketplace.
[SPEAKER_07]: Has that stopped games from doing well on Android?
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_07]: and then also the way they're kind of doing these games right now is you know they make it a little bit harder to just simply pirate something they have you know the in-app purchases so basically you have to download this free-to-play version and then you unlock it within the app so that would be a little bit harder to crack than just say you know I'm gonna buy this five dollar game and here's the full version you know apk file or something like that for it so
[SPEAKER_07]: There's that, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's a little bit helpful.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, there was another comment that was made early on that I thought was pretty accurate.
[SPEAKER_08]: Breakman also said this at live.vognetwork.com When Loki's son reaches eight, he will be the coolest kid in the neighborhood because his dad will have the coolest shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: You basically said you're buying this to entertain your son with in a large way.
[SPEAKER_08]: Kinda.
[SPEAKER_07]: Myself, really.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if it helps to watch the kid too, then hey, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, yeah, I mean, because he likes his Caillou.
[SPEAKER_07]: His Canadian children's television.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wasn't sure if I wanted to go here with this other... I mean, it's not in tonight's show role, but it's another Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_08]: And this one, this one's a tricky one.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what's funny?
[SPEAKER_08]: I got a text message this week, and I forgot to reply to it because I received it while I was dead asleep.
[SPEAKER_08]: I should probably reply to it now that it's been three days later.
[SPEAKER_08]: One of my friends texted me saying, Hey, what's OLR's aversion to crowdsourced funding?
[SPEAKER_08]: OMG, hope I'm not waking you up, although they did wake me up and I forgot to reply because of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: But what is the aversion to crowdsource funding?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't necessarily have an aversion to crowdsource funding, but I just, there's a lot of things that make me very nervous about Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I think is that A, Kickstarter pockets a large chunk of change from, I mean, 5% out of 5 million is a large chunk of change.
[SPEAKER_07]: But let's be honest here.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's not any different than doing PayPal donations.
[SPEAKER_07]: PayPal pockets a large chunk of that too.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not sure everybody... Well, let me simplify it this way.
[SPEAKER_08]: An artist once said around 1996, mo' money, mo' problems.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I think that's what a lot of people get into.
[SPEAKER_08]: They're asking for this money, but I think sometimes not everybody necessarily knows how to spend that money.
[SPEAKER_08]: They think they know how to spend it, but then a lot of these Kickstarters are making way over the amount that they're asking for.
[SPEAKER_08]: and I'm not sure people know what to do with that money like one of Kickstarter's biggest problems is they need to have a place where you actually stop making money like they need to maybe this is built in I've just never seen it no they don't have that they have stretch goals that's weird to me and of course why would Kickstarter want to put that in if you're making a runaway money they're getting 5% of it all they want you to make millions
[SPEAKER_08]: I expressed vocal dissent one time, and I hate doing this because it was another podcast, but I have to openly ask, why does a podcast need to raise, what the hell were they asking for?
[SPEAKER_08]: In all, they had raised six digits.
[SPEAKER_08]: This podcast raised something like $180,000, and I don't have it in front of me.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll look it up in a minute here.
[SPEAKER_08]: They said it was because they were going to have a studio space and all this stuff that they need to revive their podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which was how many episodes before that?
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it was like maybe a year.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, and I personally found that to be insulting.
[SPEAKER_08]: As a podcaster, I found it to be insulting that if you want to podcast, you need money to do it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That much money anyway.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because you really don't.
[SPEAKER_08]: You need a little money, sure.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if you want to make the reunion happen, you just fucking do it.
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't force people to pay $100,000 to have it done.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's insulting.
[SPEAKER_07]: A perfect example of a podcast raising money for a legitimate purpose.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was a Mom Gamers podcast.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: The Necessities, mics, and recording equipment.
[SPEAKER_08]: This podcast raised over $130,000 and they were asking for $30,000.
[SPEAKER_08]: They needed $30,000 to do a podcast.
[SPEAKER_08]: And...
[SPEAKER_08]: I kind of thought that was horse shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: That was, I want this to be a paying job.
[SPEAKER_08]: But people bought into it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess the quality of this show is good enough.
[SPEAKER_08]: People are that attached to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or people want the rewards.
[SPEAKER_08]: That people paid five times over.
[SPEAKER_08]: So hats off.
[SPEAKER_08]: Congrats.
[SPEAKER_08]: You made it work.
[SPEAKER_08]: You found the answer.
[SPEAKER_08]: How to make money off podcasting.
[SPEAKER_08]: Congrats.
[SPEAKER_08]: I hope the profit was worth it.
[SPEAKER_08]: All Games had a different plan in mind.
[SPEAKER_08]: They wanted to make a full network.
[SPEAKER_08]: personally I don't think they needed $45,000 but that's neither here nor there it's a done deal now I still would support them in that effort I understand why they thought big and I can respect that dream big or go home right and that's what they did my previous rant was not about that so don't start shit anyhow that wasn't even the thing I wanted to talk about god damn
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, I want to talk about the Penny Arcade Kickstarter.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know exactly where I was going with this.
[SPEAKER_07]: So their Kickstarter was to remove advertising off their website.
[SPEAKER_08]: To remove ads from their website is, and I'm trying to bring it up right here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Penny Arcade wants to raise and this one was really interesting they really thought about this because they made the goal $250,000 but that's only to get rid of one ad on the site if you want to get rid of all the ads they got to make $999,999 it's a million basically one dollar short of a million if they raise that much on Kickstarter they're going to do all of Penny Arcade ad free and
[SPEAKER_08]: And I... There's this interesting angle they're going with it where they don't want to work for advertisers.
[SPEAKER_08]: They want to work for you.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can respect that.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a different way of thinking.
[SPEAKER_08]: But...
[SPEAKER_08]: This is the same group that's brought us Penny Arcade Expo.
[SPEAKER_08]: They brought us the Child's Play charity, which are two great things.
[SPEAKER_08]: I can't say anything bad about either of those things.
[SPEAKER_08]: Penny Arcade Expo gave E3 Iran for its money and still is in some regards.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's huge.
[SPEAKER_08]: Child's Play, obviously a hugely important great thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a necessary thing in the gaming industry.
[SPEAKER_08]: They brought us that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So these are two great things.
[SPEAKER_08]: But then I kind of go, well, Penny Arcade with all this stuff that they built isn't exactly an indie darling anymore.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_08]: Mm-hmm.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm just kind of like, hmm.
[SPEAKER_08]: I get the Kickstarter's not really supposed to be about the rewards, but if you're investing in a website, if you're basically giving them money, what are you really getting in return?
[SPEAKER_07]: And apparently they don't understand.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kickstarter is about the rewards.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's kind of why people... People like the pre-order bonuses for things.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so that's why they... It's kind of the incentive to get you the back money for these things.
[SPEAKER_07]: And some of them... I remember on the Penny Arcade one, which someone mentioned...
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: And honestly, if they're retweeting something that you said, who gives a shit what you said?
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, you're going to say, oh, retweet it from them?
[SPEAKER_07]: Who is this person?
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Someone following Penny Arcade isn't going to go, oh my god, they retweeted this person.
[SPEAKER_07]: I need to follow them, become best friends with them.
[SPEAKER_07]: No one gives a shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: RDG Singe in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, maybe I'm wrong, but I'm under the impression that Penny Arcade was already profitable.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sure it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: But what they want to do, they want to take out the ads and have the people pay for it because they want to be a business that's run by the people.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I get that.
[SPEAKER_08]: On paper, that sounds like a great idea.
[SPEAKER_08]: And maybe the answer for why would you give $5,000 is, well, it's about supporting the community and it's about supporting this not just comic strip, but organization that I really like.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I'm like, well, can't you support them through ads too?
[SPEAKER_08]: If you support the website, click on the ads.
[SPEAKER_08]: Check out the sponsors.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's another way to do it.
[SPEAKER_08]: That'll make them money too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Or advertise on their site.
[SPEAKER_08]: But Penny Arcade wants to.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's a conscious decision on their part.
[SPEAKER_08]: They want to not have that be the way people support them anymore.
[SPEAKER_08]: They want to cut out the middleman.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know what to think about it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not exactly going to donate, but I think it's interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will continue to donate to Child's Play.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will continue to support the Child's Play events.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will continue to attend Penny Arcade Expo when I can.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll continue to read the website and click on an ad when it looks interesting, but Kickstarter, not my thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: But that's just me.
[SPEAKER_08]: City Vampire says, why donate money to remove ads?
[SPEAKER_08]: Something gaming related would be much more preferable.
[SPEAKER_08]: If they'd done this, because wasn't that Penny Arcade Volume 3 in trouble for a long time and it took them a long time to find a person that would actually make it because the first two didn't do so hot or something like that?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't want to make stuff up, but I know the third game took a long time and it came from somebody else and it has kind of a different look to it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And is way better.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why didn't they just fund...
[SPEAKER_08]: A potential Penny Arcade 4 or whatever, Penny Arcade other thing through this.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or better yet, they have a card game coming out that's based on one of their comics as well in Kickstarter, but it's some other company putting it out that licensed it from Penny Arcade.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not sure if Penny Arcade's making, I'm sure they're making some money off of it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think a lot of the stuff that they do, they sell merchandise.
[SPEAKER_07]: They sell stuff to help fund their organization.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know now that they're a lot bigger than they used to be.
[SPEAKER_07]: They have their own offices.
[SPEAKER_07]: Obviously, they can run these conventions, which I'm sure are pretty expensive, but I'm sure they're making money off of them as well.
[SPEAKER_07]: Otherwise, they
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not going to say that they're not going to run them because they're not profitable, but they wouldn't be expanding if they weren't profitable.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what else is weird about this whole Kickstarter is that they have these stretch goals that are at 1.1 million and 1.3 million and 1.4 million, and they're locked.
[SPEAKER_08]: They're a mystery.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a secret to everyone.
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't get to know what they are until they hit those goals.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm kind of like, in what investment world do you get to keep these kinds of secrets?
[SPEAKER_08]: If this was a non-Kickstarter investment in the real world type of thing, I think there's laws and stuff that prevent these kinds of secrets.
[SPEAKER_08]: You have to disclose these things.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's weird to me.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a different way of thinking.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyhow, alright, I'm done talking about Kickstarters and all that, it was a big intro to the show But it's really a huge part of what's going on in the gaming world this week So, it keeps going We missed the Mac vs. PC debate in the chatroom Really?
[SPEAKER_03]: Still?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, well no, it's over, it's just You know what, the biggest people who don't, who are all anti-Apple are not graphic designers
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you GameGuru for filling in the gap that made me look ignorant there.
[SPEAKER_08]: Penny Arcade 3 is being made by The Breath of Death 7 and Cthulhu Saves the World People.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not exactly a big budget, but actually a good fit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it's pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's very much like the old school Final Fantasy games.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's actually already out on Xbox Live Indie Games, so go check it out.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I kind of wanted to check it out because I like those type of games.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not because I'm necessarily a Penny Arcade fan.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I like their comics, but I don't read them every week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mass Effect
[SPEAKER_08]: Still?
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh wait, no, you weren't here to tell us about how you... I beat it on Tuesday, then I played WoW for like an hour, then I went back and started modding my save file, and figured out how to use the... Because the big thing for 3 is that they had a default FemShep with all the special textures and everything like the dude one had, which is about damn time, except her face looked like a brick.
[SPEAKER_03]: But the textures were really good, except she also looked overmade like, you know, a cheap hooker.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I did figure out how to make my own face shape and everything so that she basically doesn't have a head the shape of a brick and applied the textures to it and then custom hairs that other characters in the game have.
[SPEAKER_03]: I also found out how to make Ashley's hair work on her, but her hair is like a shoulder item for armor.
[SPEAKER_03]: I also found the... I've got to do a few tweaks to get it to work.
[SPEAKER_03]: I found how to use the hooker outfit, like the dancer outfits from Afterlife.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hot.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it's actually one of the underwears.
[SPEAKER_08]: So when you said you beat Mass Effect, you're talking about Mass Effect 3.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_03]: So now you've beaten... Well, I beat Mass Effect 2 the week before.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like me, you've now played the whole series this year.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: Beaten all three games.
[SPEAKER_03]: In a month.
[SPEAKER_08]: And now you're into modding them.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: Kind of your thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because I'm going to keep, I'm going to play it as a paragon.
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't really give a shit about playing Bit Shepard.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I don't give a shit about playing as a dude either.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm going to keep playing.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've done a few renegade options just out of curiosity.
[SPEAKER_08]: You are in the Fem Shep is the only Shep camp.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, I guess.
[SPEAKER_03]: And, you know, because I have this head cannon, the term I've kept using over and over.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have a head cannon and I'm sticking to it.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, without spoiling, that ending.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, you are in a unique situation where we're starting to hear people now that are getting into the series.
[SPEAKER_08]: You never saw the original ending.
[SPEAKER_08]: You only saw Extended Cut.
[SPEAKER_03]: I saw part of the original ending, and I did go back and watch it.
[SPEAKER_03]: But yeah, my official first ending was Extended Cut, and I wasn't disappointed.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was just fine.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think it cleared a lot of stuff up.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think it had a definite resolution, and I'm happy with it.
[SPEAKER_03]: I went back and watched some of the other ones online the one I picked was the destroy ending except when I accidentally shot the stupid kid in the head but then my game froze and I got to start over from the decision the other thing I found out by the way with the save file editor is that you can save your autosave files as standard save files
[SPEAKER_03]: so where it loads as your autosave like say that you were at that last decision and you wanted to just to keep going back to that point even though it's not like a standard save you can close the game at that point pull up the gibbed editor and load your autosave and save it as a separate save file so you can always go back to that point in the game pretty cool huh?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, that's interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: Of course, when I did it, it was on 360 where you don't get to do any of that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also, Gibbed Editor works for 360.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can import your files from your 360 if you're saving on the hard drive, run them through Gibbed Editor because it's high, it's PC stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, it's basically PC, yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: And even do custom hairs, custom textures, all that same type of stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, you can't load the outside mods, but you can do all the stuff that's hidden in the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: And even change your coalesce bin.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can hack it, pretty much.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, what now, now that Mass Effect's done?
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, I know you want to do some... Playing through Mass Effect 3 again?
[SPEAKER_08]: You want to do some fan things, but are there any other series that you've overlooked that now you're thinking, maybe I should go back and revisit them?
[SPEAKER_03]: Not really.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean... Well, and keep in mind, I actually have beaten four games this year, because I beat Portal 2 again a couple of times.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I'm still playing through Fractal.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've decided that I'm interested in WoW again because of the goat mount.
[SPEAKER_03]: I want a riding goat and they better have rectangular pupils because goats are the best.
[SPEAKER_03]: I was on Girls Gone WoW today for their recording and we went long.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was a good show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Awesome, girlsgotwild.net.
[SPEAKER_08]: You can hear that Wednesdays.
[SPEAKER_03]: It says hi.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_03]: We went over a lot of what we think of the new mounts, and I think we had a general consensus that some of us like it, some of us don't.
[SPEAKER_03]: How's that for a consensus?
[SPEAKER_08]: Of course.
[SPEAKER_08]: Everyone's entitled to like or not like.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sure you guys had to talk about the pet battling a little bit.
[SPEAKER_03]: Pokemon.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, straight up Pokemon.
[SPEAKER_03]: But you have to name each of your pets, and how is that going to work?
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't have to.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, I'm gonna.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm going to name them all after Supernatural.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just Google cute pet names.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll have Sam as a pet.
[SPEAKER_03]: But I really, I mean really, except for my hour of wow, hour of wower, I've been playing Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I'm going to keep playing Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's super fun.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I still have 100% galactic readiness on my damn phone.
[SPEAKER_03]: And...
[SPEAKER_03]: My next goal is to figure out how to get Ashley's face texture to work over the Shepard that I have without doing this really weird thing where it scrolls your camera out and clips through everything else.
[SPEAKER_03]: It did, however, show me exactly how some of the levels were laid out as far as their rendered space.
[SPEAKER_03]: So that was kind of neat.
[SPEAKER_08]: And at some point you do really have to check out the multiplayer with friends.
[SPEAKER_03]: I probably will.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just have to make sure that my coalesced bin is fine.
[SPEAKER_03]: But the only thing that I did on that really was set some keybinds for weapons, which I'm probably going to undo.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I have my game hacked for God mode if I wanted it.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I don't really need any of that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Except for the one where you use no fuel.
[SPEAKER_03]: I have the thing set where your fuel is 100.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean not at 100 but you use zero and the reapers don't find you as easily that type of thing all right let's move on Loki how was your gaming week I didn't play a lot it's basically just Minecraft this week again um I I like the new update it's very fun and um so I haven't gotten to make any pistons yet but uh you know I'll get there um
[SPEAKER_07]: I also like the new lighting engines.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's a little interesting.
[SPEAKER_07]: I guess it's supposed to be more like PC.
[SPEAKER_07]: And finally, we did start a new world as well with my co-worker because we kind of got tired of playing just in mine.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so we did start a new one and playing that on regular again with monsters and everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I've been playing on peaceful for a long time because I'm...
[SPEAKER_07]: I finally finished my minecart track thing, which goes across the entire map now, and it makes a full circuit.
[SPEAKER_07]: In fact, last night I was working on creating...
[SPEAKER_07]: The Redstone circuits for each stop, it's going to have a delay on it, so the cart gets to the stop, there's about a 10 second delay where the cart stays there and then the cart automatically moves to the next stop, so it's kind of a...
[SPEAKER_07]: Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 And you did find a partner for that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I did find a partner.
[SPEAKER_07]: One of my friends, his brother plays a ton of Call of Duty and so he's going to be going down with me to the armpit of California Stockton.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_07]: Bakersfield.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're not going to Bakersfield.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: What would Stockton be then?
[SPEAKER_08]: Stockton is kind of like... It's that part behind the knee.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's the mole on your butt.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not everybody has moles, Rob.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, how about... California has one.
[SPEAKER_03]: How about the belly button?
[SPEAKER_03]: Because the belly button gets kind of stinky.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: I have my primary weapon I use for everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: Launchers just take out helicopters.
[SPEAKER_07]: I call it my sniper rifle sometimes because that's why I shoot across the map.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sometimes they hit snipers.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've never really bothered with a machine pistol or a pistol because I'm like, when the hell am I going to need this?
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm just going to use my regular gun for everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: If I run out of ammo with my regular gun, I'm going to pick up someone else's gun.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I still have to figure out what I'm going to do there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me talk to him because he knows what he's doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got all the rules and everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's kind of dumb, some of the restrictions that they have in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: No cheating.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, it's not even cheating.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like no explosives at all, except no C4, no claymores, no bouncing betties, no launchers, no grenade launcher attachments.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's no recon perk, no...
[SPEAKER_07]: What the hell was the other one?
[SPEAKER_07]: Sitrep.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're going to leave kill cams on for some reason, which is weird.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then some of the maps that they picked are just really huge for two-on-two matches.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm like, hey, you know, you guys, why don't you guys download the free face-off maps, which, you know...
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_07]: But whatever, I will play by their rules, but it's just stupid that they picked these giant maps.
[SPEAKER_07]: Like, Village is terrible for 2-1-2.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just, okay, I hope I find you because this map is fucking huge.
[SPEAKER_07]: But we'll see, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anything else for your gaming week?
[SPEAKER_07]: I played a little Grand Theft Auto but just because I was working on my mod because I was talking to someone that helped out with their map modding stuff and just talking to about Grand Theft Auto things I'm like I kind of want to work on Grand Theft Auto again and then I made an outhouse and I got bored so that was that I do need to finish the map mods I've been working on for almost 18 months now so I can at least finish them before Grand Theft Auto 5 comes out that's it
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: My gaming week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Actually, I didn't play really anything new, but I revisited old stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: In fact, really old stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because Alan the other day was like, hey, I'm going to hook up the PlayStation 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then he didn't actually do it right away, but it had me thinking about PlayStation 2 games.
[SPEAKER_08]: I kind of wanted to go back and play.
[SPEAKER_08]: So then the other night I was like, Alan, weren't you going to hook up the PlayStation 2?
[SPEAKER_08]: And so he finally found it and hooked it up.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I probably started playing Final Fantasy XII.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know why, I just never really played enough of it before, and I was just like, I don't want to play that again.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think I can blame Theatrhythm for that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Remember how I was talking last week about how it's kind of a commercial for Final Fantasy games and makes you want to play them again?
[SPEAKER_08]: I think I can thank Theatrhythm for making me go, you know, I didn't play enough of XII.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm going to go back and play more of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I played a little more of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: The other thing I got is that, you know, as we'll get into more of the details on later in the show, but as I'm sure all you guys know about...
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a Steam sale going on right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: As in, give me all your money right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm pretty broke as it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I need these games.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can tell you right now, I was looking... Actually, it's funny what you were talking earlier.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was looking through my Steam collection to see what exactly I have.
[SPEAKER_07]: and I can honestly say maybe out of all of these, the Steam copies, I may have played Portal 2, but most of these games I have not played yet.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm just like... But I need more!
[SPEAKER_07]: I need more!
[SPEAKER_07]: That's awesome.
[SPEAKER_03]: I would be tempted to get Borderlands, but first person shooters make me sick, and Dan, we already have it on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_08]: Right, well, the platform thing didn't stop me, because when Skyrim got discounted to 29 bucks, I was like, I want it on PC, so I bought it.
[SPEAKER_08]: The mods are really cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura.com
[SPEAKER_07]: My PC, well, this laptop.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's pretty.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's so pretty.
[SPEAKER_07]: I need to upgrade my PC, and it's really pissing me off because it's going to be expensive to do that.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I don't ever use my PC anymore, but that PC was meant for, like, games.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, it was meant for Crysis, and now, of course, it's way outdated because it has old 8800 NVIDIA cards in it.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_07]: and I have this thing modded for cooling too so I don't know what I'm going to do.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now I'm on this new mission is I really want to get back into Civilization 5 because I need to get the Gods and Kings expansion when it gets discounted again and it was only $8 on Steam the other night so I'm convinced before the 23rd it'll be on sale again and I'm going to buy Alan a copy and make him play with me.
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, seriously, anybody that has Borderlands, add me on Steam, because I don't have anybody added at all.
[SPEAKER_08]: We do have a VOG Network group on Steam.
[SPEAKER_08]: We should.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can find Loki through there.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm thinking we need to work on getting some Borderlands games night going.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I'm picking up Borderlands 2 when that comes out.
[SPEAKER_07]: Probably not for PC, but on Xbox 360.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because Borderlands is just an awesome game.
[SPEAKER_07]: I do want to go back to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll be playing on Xbox again, but my...
[SPEAKER_07]: My co-worker won't return my copy.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'm just like, eh, fine.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's get into some announcements, then we can get into the rest of the gaming news.
[SPEAKER_08]: Announcements.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have a few tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: First off, the Voice of Geeks Network at vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'd like to welcome Critical Myth and British Invaders.
[SPEAKER_08]: I almost said British Invasion.
[SPEAKER_08]: DJ Ranma S, Actdeft,
[SPEAKER_08]: Also, feedback about the checking into the podcast.
[SPEAKER_08]: A lot of folks missed the check-in word last week.
[SPEAKER_08]: So Bobby and I kind of sat down and talked, and we now have a little chime noise that you're going to hear before the word is given.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that way, those of you guys that are kind of zoning as you're working and you missed the check-in word, you have something to kind of snap out of it and, oh, pay attention.
[SPEAKER_08]: So just throwing that out there.
[SPEAKER_08]: You will now hear a little chime noise before the check-in word.
[SPEAKER_08]: Are we buying borderlands?
[SPEAKER_08]: Did I hear Jamie's buying Borderlands over there?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: Good job!
[SPEAKER_08]: Gabe Newell is sitting in an evil lair somewhere going, yes, excellent.
[SPEAKER_03]: Someone needs to buy me Saints Row the Third.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alan bought that.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to say, I think, I can't remember if Borderlands had a third person view or not.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to say it did.
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought maybe.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think there's a way to hack it on PC where you run third person, which if you can, because you can do it in Portal 2, you can play Portal 2 third person.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, the one other announcement I have is that we will be participating in PlayStation Home Summerfest.
[SPEAKER_08]: The VOG Network is participating in that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Be ready on the 29th.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's in two weeks.
[SPEAKER_08]: We are going to be broadcasting in PlayStation Home.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, I want to make this clear, though.
[SPEAKER_08]: Nothing is, like, changing.
[SPEAKER_08]: You still go to VOG Network and you can, you know, hear our show and everything.
[SPEAKER_08]: And the podcast is still there, like always.
[SPEAKER_08]: That part's not changing.
[SPEAKER_08]: But as we've done on a few nights, we're going to have Home Open as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll be in PlayStation Home fielding questions and so forth.
[SPEAKER_08]: This isn't just the clubhouse, though.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is actually we're going to be out in one of the spaces called Aurora 1.5, which is kind of a trippy little, like...
[SPEAKER_08]: Uh, like flashy colors, tunnels that whisk you to places and things, mini games, lots of unlocks.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a fun little world.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was in there earlier.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we're going to be in the Aurora space starting at 5 Pacific when Bobby's on, uh, 8 Eastern on the 29th.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're the last event for PlayStation Summerfest where they're really excited to have us.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're really excited to be a part of it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I do want to point out it's not an official Sony home acknowledged thing, but we're hoping to make enough rabble that they'll notice.
[SPEAKER_08]: So we're going to flip some chairs over in Aurora.
[SPEAKER_08]: It'll be fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just kidding.
[SPEAKER_08]: Running man.
[SPEAKER_07]: Listen, if you're going to flip chairs over, nobody's going to notice.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's all about tables.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry, it's all about flipping tables now.
[SPEAKER_08]: So plan on joining us on the 29th.
[SPEAKER_02]: Steam needs to be on Linux.
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought they did have some type of Linux support or something.
[SPEAKER_02]: If they do, I haven't found it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I could be wrong.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, we've got to get into gaming news.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're like
[SPEAKER_08]: We're talking a lot tonight, sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's get into gaming news, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: and you can check it out over at Amazon.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sure they've got a link on the front page to do that stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see what kind of games they've got here.
[SPEAKER_07]: World of Tanks.
[SPEAKER_07]: Can't hate a world full of tanks.
[SPEAKER_07]: Shimogami Tensei.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of interesting looking MMOs.
[SPEAKER_07]: 8-bit MMO.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kind of looks a little bit like Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can build anything they say in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: RuneScape.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see here.
[SPEAKER_07]: A bunch of games, so definitely go check it out I wonder if they're going to have some more stuff included with that They're saying that some of the launch titles Battlestar Galactica, World of Tanks, Pandora's Saga, Stronghold Kingdoms, and Super Monday Night Combat So why does Amazon want to jump into this?
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess Amazon likes to kind of get their hands in everything.
[SPEAKER_07]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think just to maybe get in on some of that, you know, in-game content.
[SPEAKER_07]: You know...
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe to tie it in with the Kindle or something like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe they can find a way to get some of these games to run on that platform.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think just to get more hits on their site for whatever reason.
[SPEAKER_07]: Kind of so people think of Amazon as the place to go for everything.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess it seems like a good tactic.
[SPEAKER_07]: But do you think people will care?
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know if they are necessarily going to care.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it's kind of like... I don't think these places are the only places you can go to play these games.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, I mean, if you're playing them already, it's not like you're going to go, okay, I'm going to all of a sudden go to Amazon.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: It's definitely a way for maybe some of these companies that are putting out free-to-play stuff because the free-to-play market is quite crowded to get some exposure maybe.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it's like, hey, I saw your game on Amazon.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to check it out.
[SPEAKER_08]: Amazon hasn't been popular with every part of the gaming community though.
[SPEAKER_08]: Some say that Amazon kind of rips them off because the whole like, you know, they have the right to price match whatever you do other places and kind of all this stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: and some developers had their game put up for free for too long on there.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just remember hearing stories in the past about how not everybody's thrilled with Amazon.
[SPEAKER_08]: You kind of need them.
[SPEAKER_08]: The developers, that is.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, yeah, that's true.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, we'll see what comes of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Although no Amazon console yet, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: That's the last thing we need right now is another stinking console.
[SPEAKER_07]: But if you want to check them out, it's amazon.com slash free the number two play.
[SPEAKER_08]: Did I just see in chat that DJ Morpheus from Understation Live also just bought Borderlands?
[SPEAKER_07]: Borderlands was a great game to begin with and that was a game that they knew how to do DLC and their DLC was pretty awesome so Game of the Year Edition and if you're too cheap for the Game of the Year Edition they have a regular version for $5 I just don't want to hunt around for skulls
[SPEAKER_07]: And the little robot.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Claptrap is awesome.
[SPEAKER_03]: I watched Dan play through it on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, this series I'm about to get into is awesome.
[SPEAKER_08]: I remember this from the 80s.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was one of my favorite role-playing series growing up.
[SPEAKER_08]: I even liked the NES ports, even though some people hate them, but I remember it as a kid.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's Ultima.
[SPEAKER_08]: Remember the Ultima series?
[SPEAKER_01]: Ultima Exodus.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, there was Ultima Online.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was kind of the first MMO in some ways.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ultima has a great history behind it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Ultima, it's coming back, y'all.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, but not in the way you might think.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, there's no Ultima X or any new Ultima Underworld or something being announced.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, EA is going to be releasing Ultima Forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a cross-platform.
[SPEAKER_08]: It'll take 13 years to come out.
[SPEAKER_08]: I just want to point out Duke Nukem's last game was also named Duke Nukem Forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hence my comment Ultima Forever is a cross-platform, free-to-play role-playing game It's being developed by BioWare Which, okay, we like BioWare, right?
[SPEAKER_08]: But it's free-to-play, which, okay It's going to be published under what they call the Play For Free label What a descriptive label, a free ad That's so weird that they would put it under that label Battlefield Heroes is also that same division Okay, well Battlefield Heroes is pretty good
[SPEAKER_07]: So... Or wait, no, I'm thinking 1942.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's gonna... You thinking the shooter from Capcom from how many years ago?
[SPEAKER_07]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_07]: They had a Battlefield game.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember if it was Battlefield Heroes or not.
[SPEAKER_07]: Whatever the one it was on... Maybe that was Heroes.
[SPEAKER_08]: You will be controlling an avatar.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a cartoon aesthetic to it.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a character named Lady British now, and I'm assuming that's because Lord British is no longer with EA.
[SPEAKER_08]: Lord British is Richard Garriott.
[SPEAKER_08]: He's off doing his own thing, trying to travel to space and all that, and has the Facebook thing.
[SPEAKER_08]: So now there's Lady British, which you've got to admit is kind of a nice little workaround for Lord British not being there anymore.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: so yeah they are saying in the press release the first great western RPG has been lovingly restored in Ultima Forever you can sign up for the beta at ultimaforever.com I gotta admit I'm curious Bioware makes a lot of good stuff I'll play it the free to play thing makes me a little nervous but I do like Ultima so it's kind of one of those well free is a great trial price isn't it
[SPEAKER_07]: It's better to pay nothing for a demo than to pay something for a demo.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm signing up for the beta.
[SPEAKER_08]: I am so sorry, Bobby Blackwolf.
[SPEAKER_08]: Richard Garriott, he's correcting me in chat, he didn't try to travel to space.
[SPEAKER_08]: He did go to space.
[SPEAKER_08]: I am so effing sorry for that oversight.
[SPEAKER_07]: He went to space and he made some stupid paintings in space, which keep popping up in that stupid garage sale game he has.
[SPEAKER_08]: GameGuru at live.vognetwork.com says, if you want to play a free-to-play Ultima, go to Good Old Games.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ultima 4 and the two worlds of Ultima games are free over there.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't know Ultima 4 was still free.
[SPEAKER_08]: I thought that was just a weekend promotion.
[SPEAKER_08]: But yeah, there are some good Ultima goodness over at Good Old Games.
[SPEAKER_08]: When I was talking about Ultima Revival, Stan had brought up Ultima Dancing Game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because, you know, that's where everything's going these days.
[SPEAKER_08]: Acidic Vampire follows that up with Ultima Rhythm.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, I don't... I mean... Ultarhythm?
[SPEAKER_08]: There was some good music in the NES ports of Ultima, but I think for a long time there really wasn't music in the Ultima games.
[SPEAKER_08]: Then later on you would get like the AdLib soundtracks and so forth, but... I forgot about the AdLib.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I had one of those.
[SPEAKER_08]: Fuck Sound Blaster, I had an AdLib.
[SPEAKER_08]: That thing was the shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, anyhow...
[SPEAKER_08]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Ultima Forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: Coming soon.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just signed up for the beta.
[SPEAKER_08]: Did ya?
[SPEAKER_08]: I just did, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: I kinda wanna sign up too.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_08]: Is it a Facebook game?
[SPEAKER_03]: Uh, I don't see anything about that.
[SPEAKER_08]: If it's a Facebook game, I'm out.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, if it's on Facebook, then I'm sure as fuck not gonna play it.
[SPEAKER_03]: But, I mean, I won't find out until they put out a release, you know?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: There was another Ultima free-to-play game, though, but this is cartoony.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_03]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, so how about a new model for PS3?
[SPEAKER_03]: Ooh.
[SPEAKER_08]: Another one?
[SPEAKER_08]: Wait a minute.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sony's only supposed to put out two models a cycle.
[SPEAKER_03]: The 4000 series is rumored to be out at Gamescom next month.
[SPEAKER_03]: And it is, there's a 4011C is the one that we've got a picture of here.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, it still looks like a Foreman grill.
[SPEAKER_03]: But at any rate, the pictures and information were coming from the British Agency of Telecommunications website.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, I mean, it looks like it's ridged with a sliding panel.
[SPEAKER_03]: But, I mean, like I said, it still looks like a foreman grill.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it does fall in with the FCC documents that Sony filed earlier in the month.
[SPEAKER_07]: This does have the new waffle attachment, though, so you can make waffles!
[SPEAKER_03]: Waffles!
[SPEAKER_03]: I wonder if I can cook chicken on it and then we'll have waffles.
[SPEAKER_08]: Fact or crap though, because this whole thing is still a rumor, right?
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, we've got a picture of it and they did file documents with the FCC.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, the fact that there's a new system SKU coming that's, you know, this FCC filing true, the fact that these pictures are of it or not, maybe.
[SPEAKER_03]: I do not speak Portuguese, website.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyhow, do we need another PlayStation design?
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess I could put it in Esperanto.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, there's a lot of speculation on what it was based on these pictures, which they're assuming are real.
[SPEAKER_07]: It said it looked like it had top-loading disk drive, which that would be weird.
[SPEAKER_08]: Going back to the PlayStation 1 with that, it's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: We know how well that worked.
[SPEAKER_07]: That'd be interesting, I gotta say.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Can I prop the door open to load region locked games?
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess I don't have to worry about that on PS3.
[SPEAKER_07]: Only one.
[SPEAKER_08]: Only one, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, moving on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, so, I know this is gonna come as a shock, but there's another game being ripped off on the iPhone app store.
[SPEAKER_07]: This time it's Torchlight.
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently there's a game called Armed Heroes Online.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, I know, sounds generic enough.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's on the Canadian iTunes store, and apparently they've ripped off nearly all the assets for Torchlight.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, um...
[SPEAKER_07]: And the makers of Torchlight are understandably pissed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, they're definitely pissed off.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, here's the question.
[SPEAKER_08]: Obviously, and I think it mentions this in the story, it's coming from another country.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not a U.S.
[SPEAKER_08]: country.
[SPEAKER_08]: Excuse me, it's not a U.S.
[SPEAKER_08]: or Canadian company even that's doing it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a company out of Beijing, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, EGLS Technology.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're based out of Beijing.
[SPEAKER_07]: And the game itself is free to play, of course.
[SPEAKER_07]: They have in-app purchases, some upwards to almost $100.
[SPEAKER_07]: And...
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it's just... It's just bad.
[SPEAKER_08]: The makers of Torchlight can't sue this company.
[SPEAKER_08]: No.
[SPEAKER_08]: And, like, if it were me, I would be so mad.
[SPEAKER_08]: I would want to sue.
[SPEAKER_08]: But you can't do that, really.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, that's not the way the world works, sadly.
[SPEAKER_08]: So...
[SPEAKER_08]: Now it comes back to, well, Apple should be able to recognize this stuff, but if I'm hearing it correctly, they didn't rip off the game.
[SPEAKER_08]: They ripped off all the art assets.
[SPEAKER_08]: So to a person who looks at 100 apps a day, you know, to give the approval or denial, maybe they didn't catch it.
[SPEAKER_08]: So now what do you do?
[SPEAKER_07]: How do you stop this shit?
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, they should have a way that you can flag it or something and say, hey, you know, flagging for, you know...
[SPEAKER_07]: It would be a good way to have it police itself, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I have to say that's actually kind of a good idea.
[SPEAKER_08]: And people who just cry wolf too much would obviously be banned themselves from being able to do that in the future.
[SPEAKER_08]: But yeah, I think they're going to need to go to some type of community policing system, unfortunately.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, Apple's, I think, been pretty good when this stuff is called to their attention.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, I've heard that they just, like this company, will probably never be able to put another thing up on the iTunes store.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, oh well, they'll just apply under a new name.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, it's going to be really hard to get one of those $100 developer licenses.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sure that'll be difficult for them to acquire and change their name to, you know, I don't know, Not Company That Ripped Off Torchlight, Inc.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, this is a game people are excited about, and maybe it'll get ripped off and put out here sooner than the actual game itself will come out here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Phantasy Star Online 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: It is officially, as of this week, coming to North America and Europe.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's happening early next week.
[SPEAKER_08]: The number one thing we want to provide to players in PSO2 is an adventure that changes every time they log in.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just as a great tabletop RPG experience revolves around imaginative and unexpected encounters, we want players to consistently be surprised as they explore dungeons and undertake quests.
[SPEAKER_07]: Speaking of surprise, I don't know if you saw the article where apparently that game was hacked and someone had moved the NPCs around, and so they put them on top of buildings and stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_07]: Already?
[SPEAKER_07]: Already.
[SPEAKER_08]: Good gosh.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was funny, though, because it's like, hey, those quest-giving people are way up there.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_07]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess some other things with this it's out in Japan right now and it's free to download and it's free to sign up for because I know Shane he might call into the show later to talk about it and I've been begging him to do something for VOG on it but he's been playing it because I guess you can just sign up and play it and he's been begging me to play with him but I'm like no because I don't like the Japanese text will frustrate me to no end that I don't understand everything I have to know every little detail it's not a good idea for me to play this game
[SPEAKER_08]: I will totally play the crap out of it
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, here's another case of stupid parents.
[SPEAKER_03]: There's a dad blaming Microsoft for his son spending money, which I don't see how Microsoft stood there with, you know, strings on his hand or mind control device.
[SPEAKER_03]: The guy's name is Sam Guerra.
[SPEAKER_03]: His son's name is Nick.
[SPEAKER_03]: They live in Wolverhampton over in the UK.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he said that the son spent...
[SPEAKER_03]: 1,150 pounds on Xbox Live which is a good two grand here roughly basically spending about a hundred pounds a day on games such as FIFA and Call of Duty but he wasn't realizing he was spending real money why aren't you watching your fucking bank account why do you have this credit card put in the system when you have a 12 year old playing it who does apparently wasn't paying attention in school and did not understand how money works
[SPEAKER_03]: Especially since they do put the warnings up there.
[SPEAKER_03]: They've got it on there exactly how much different items cost in terms of points.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sometimes you can run up those charges behind your parents' back.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like when I was 12, I was addicted to Prodigy chat rooms.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, no, no, no, no.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got in so much fucking trouble, though, the month that bill came in.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not even giving it to them for saying that, oh, I didn't know it was real money.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's bullshit, because yes, they're going to try to use that excuse because it's Microsoft Points.
[SPEAKER_07]: The problem is, though, when you run out of Microsoft Points, you have to refill it, which means you have to go purchase Microsoft Points.
[SPEAKER_07]: It says, purchase Microsoft Points.
[SPEAKER_07]: It shows you, this is how much 1,000 Microsoft Points cost.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is how much 8,000 Microsoft Points cost, and it has real money attached to it.
[SPEAKER_07]: You're telling me that he didn't know that was real money?
[SPEAKER_07]: He knew that was real money.
[SPEAKER_07]: No one's that dumb.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: All I gotta say is that kid looks like he has fear in his eyes and that father looks like he is angry as hell so I'm guessing that he was taken care of.
[SPEAKER_03]: Microsoft, their response, and I'm quoting, "...there are multiple opportunities where consumers are asked to confirm their purchases.
[SPEAKER_03]: The price is clearly displayed on the screen.
[SPEAKER_03]: It should also be noted that Xbox Live accounts registered for children's use have online activity automatically defaulted to off, and that these can be enabled should a parent wish in the family settings section."
[SPEAKER_03]: these settings include specifying the email address to which all purchase notifications are sent and using other features such as over-the-shoulder approval that allow the account holder to give permission for purchases by typing in a password so yeah, again, you're stupid
[SPEAKER_08]: I love this comment in our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com GameGuru says, it's always FIFA.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Ahamkara says, FIFA again?
[SPEAKER_08]: Why is that game always involved when it comes to money theft?
[SPEAKER_08]: Hold on though, it's not really theft in this case, it's just massive irresponsibility.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're just trying to pass the buck, that's all they're trying to do.
[SPEAKER_08]: He's just not taking responsibility for his... The parent wants the money back and they're that desperate.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, no, what do you think?
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, we just want an apology.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, you don't.
[SPEAKER_03]: You want your damn money and you're, you know, you're trying to save faces what you're trying to do.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: And sorry, it needs to burn a hole in your pocket so that you understand, you know, hit you where it hurts, have some responsibility.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, let's put it this way.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, this is a 12-year-old that's grown up in pretty much like a digital age.
[SPEAKER_07]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_08]: Even Josh knows what currency is at this point, probably.
[SPEAKER_03]: He knows he... With the kid, I mean, the kid probably understood that he was spending money.
[SPEAKER_03]: But as I've mentioned before, when the brain is developing, it's all about the immediate reward instead of the long-term consequence.
[SPEAKER_03]: And this goes on in guys at least until between 25 and 27 on an average developmental range.
[SPEAKER_03]: And for women between 24 and 25...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know what you're talking about
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: But, you know, it does why, you know, there's the going out and drinking and then driving and wrecking your car when you're not thinking about the consequence because your brain right then is not programmed to think of the long-term consequence.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's programmed to think of... Watch out or someone's going to use that as an excuse in court.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well... Officer, I was drinking and driving because my brain isn't fully developed yet.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: Dark Sakura on Orange Lounge Radio said...
[SPEAKER_03]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: Clearly, there is a difference.
[SPEAKER_03]: But going back to a kid, the kid's going to have poor impulse control without having a set reinforced expectation of punishment if they do something bad.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's like, or they might not even care.
[SPEAKER_03]: But the point is that it doesn't mean he's stupid that he doesn't know better.
[SPEAKER_03]: it means he knew better and didn't care so that that's completely on the parent that you have to if you don't want any of that crap to happen you have to you know cut off the means of making it happen you have to not be an enabler not necessarily disable the action but not make it open to where they can actively do it that's part of your responsibility
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and see what money we can spend on little purchases in the game in the next couple weeks.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, start here in the US.
[SPEAKER_08]: What's coming out here?
[SPEAKER_07]: There's really not anything coming out this week.
[SPEAKER_07]: I want to say the only game coming out is Heroes of Ruin on 3DS.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sengoku Hime, Senko no Taika
[SPEAKER_08]: and Akasuki no Haryu.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's in regular and luxury limited edition.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm trying to figure out what this game is.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a strategy game and there aren't really any screenshots posted, but I see like dragons and tigers.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's ancient mythology.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, so maybe it's like kind of a Nobunaga-ish game.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, but the Nobunaga games didn't have much to do with actual mythology.
[SPEAKER_07]: Could it be Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, I doubt it.
[SPEAKER_08]: now what I find also interesting is that this is a peripheral coming out in Japan it's like a 500 gigabyte drive for your PlayStation 3 basically what it is it's like a recorder kit and this is kind of weird it's like this little thing that you can I guess record TV yeah I remember they had like a DVR thing that was supposed to be for the PS3 back there yeah so I mean they get that kind of stuff in Japan not here you can buy stuff like that at price
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, but it's not official, technically, and it doesn't save your PlayStation drive unless you use some creative workarounds.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anyhow, also pointing out on the PlayStation Vita, GQ Powerful Pro Yaku 2012 comes out from Konami this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Baseball.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_08]: And lastly, let me check the 3DS here.
[SPEAKER_08]: If it'll load for me, I love live radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Rune Factory 4 comes out this week, as well as Rayman Origins gets its Japanese release on the 3DS.
[SPEAKER_08]: And something they call, this isn't a game, but some type of accessory, Candy Bar for Nintendo 3DS.
[SPEAKER_03]: Candy Bar's a doll maker.
[SPEAKER_08]: In black, blue, peach, and white.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, is that the doll maker?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I guess.
[SPEAKER_08]: Is that some type of accessory kit for stickers and stuff for the 3DS?
[SPEAKER_03]: Are there any other screen caps?
[SPEAKER_03]: Nope, that's it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, I know that there's a series of virtual doll makers that are called Candy Bar.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, there you go.
[SPEAKER_08]: Japanese release dates.
[SPEAKER_03]: Two things in the UK.
[SPEAKER_03]: Tony Hawk's Pro Skater HD on the 18th and Boulder Dash XL 3D on the 20th for the 3DS.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wonder where everybody's at right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess on vacation because we don't have a lot of games coming out.
[SPEAKER_08]: The news was a little bit slow this week too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Weird.
[SPEAKER_08]: Although, there was a big story for you, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: I know.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was a few things, actually.
[SPEAKER_07]: It wasn't mentioned on here, but they had another screenshot or trailer.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it was a screenshot for the Earth Defense Force game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Earth Defense Force 3 Portable is the one that was 2017 over here on 360.
[SPEAKER_07]: Remember, it's coming out on the Vita.
[SPEAKER_07]: They showed a screenshot with the Jetpack Girl from number two, which is awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not to mention that that game also has four-player co-op.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, but, D3, I love them.
[SPEAKER_07]: They, uh, they announced, uh, Earth Defense Forces 4.
[SPEAKER_07]: They have a teaser page on their website, and it's a new game from Sandlot.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can't wait.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, in fact, it's Earth Defense Forces.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't remember if the other games were Earth Defense Forces or if it's just Earth Defense Force, so...
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't care.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to play that sucker.
[SPEAKER_07]: And if I have to import it, I'm going to import it.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because I love me some Earth Defense Force.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I'm sure it'll come out here too.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, it will, but not after quite a delay.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I cannot wait.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's going to be awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't even care.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, really, because it could be an absolutely terrible game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because 2017 was a terrible game.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it was fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that was the best part about it.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, hopefully, we'll see something before Tokyo Game Show.
[SPEAKER_07]: But if not, maybe at Tokyo Game Show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, well, there was a rumor going around at Comic-Con about a possible game made out of Tron Uprising.
[SPEAKER_08]: There was a Tron Uprising panel at Comic-Con, apparently.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't even know about that, but apparently they were doing one.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I don't know if you've seen the anime yet, but it's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I keep calling it an anime because it has that style to it, but I guess technically it's not.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, if you want to get technical with me, it's not, but whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: I missed a bunch of episodes of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Whatever you want to call it, Tron Uprising.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anime is short for animation.
[SPEAKER_03]: The end.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, so yes, and it is an animation, so deal.
[SPEAKER_08]: But anyhow, they had a panel at Comic-Con, and I guess they were told at the panel, this would look great on a Wii.
[SPEAKER_08]: Wait a minute, dot, dot, dot, and a lot of folks took that away saying, oh my gosh, they're teasing a Tron Uprising game on the Wii, which had me thinking, why?
[SPEAKER_08]: The Wii is pretty much gone.
[SPEAKER_07]: It'll be a Wii U. They're not putting anything on the Wii.
[SPEAKER_08]: But, actually it came out and NSpace actually came out and said we were actually referencing the Tron Evolution Battle Grids game on the Wii.
[SPEAKER_08]: They are not working on a new Tron title at this time.
[SPEAKER_08]: Boo.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's still early for the series.
[SPEAKER_07]: Give it like a year.
[SPEAKER_08]: Especially if there's going to be a third movie.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: Wreck-It Ralph, which I'm about to get into here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Wreck-It Ralph has been confirmed that he's going to be a playable character in Sonic Racing Transformed.
[SPEAKER_08]: No word if it's exclusive to the Nintendo consoles, because we know there's that whole interesting Nintendo deal going on, but he will be a character for sure in the Nintendo 3DS version on November 16th.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is that same racing game that has Danica Patrick and stuff, huh?
[SPEAKER_08]: So you can be Wreck-It Ralph or Danica Patrick.
[SPEAKER_07]: It makes sense since they've got a cameo from Dr. Eggman in there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Robotnik.
[SPEAKER_07]: But that's kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_08]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_08]: Those are some Disney gaming news.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dang it.
[SPEAKER_08]: What, you alright?
[SPEAKER_03]: No, the shirt that I wanted to buy is sold out only in XXL and that's way too big for me.
[SPEAKER_03]: Which shirt were you trying to buy?
[SPEAKER_03]: It was the ladies Normandy crew shirt.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was 11 bucks.
[SPEAKER_08]: I do want to get the bumper sticker for my car that says my other ride is a Normandy.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wouldn't mind the hoodie, but it's $50.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, let's travel back in time to when gaming was simpler.
[SPEAKER_08]: And there wasn't $50 tie-ins for video games.
[SPEAKER_08]: Actually, there totally was.
[SPEAKER_08]: I remember a catalog in Nintendo Power once that was selling Super Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_08]: underwear.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, they've been profiting off video games for forever.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if this is a game that they profited off of, but I imagine they made a little bit of money off of this game.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, what is tonight's classic game of the week?
[SPEAKER_03]: Classic Game of the Week is Shinobi for the arcade.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yep, it is Shinobi.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's about damn time I actually did that.
[SPEAKER_03]: Instead of sequels like Shadow Dancer and Revenge of Shinobi and all that.
[SPEAKER_03]: So basically, you are Joe Musashi, who has to rescue kidnapped students from a group of terrorists.
[SPEAKER_03]: After the arcade version, it went out on the Master System and then was converted to the NES, PC Engine, and home computers, and now you can play it emulated on the Wii and Xbox 360.
[SPEAKER_03]: So yeah, there were all kinds of stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: you are trying to stop a criminal organization called Z then they are kidnapping the ninja children so you have to go rescue them and then beat all the bosses can I just say this is my favorite most interesting thing in Shinobi and maybe you're going to get to this in a minute but it's the whole like Warhol Marilyn Monroe portrait that's randomly in the background and the miscolored Spiderman what is up with that
[SPEAKER_03]: So your stages, you had five stages.
[SPEAKER_03]: Your first one is Pursue the Terrorists, where you have to kill Ken-O.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then two is you kill Black Turtle, Attack Chopper, and they drop a bunch of ninja on you.
[SPEAKER_03]: And three is killing Mandara, that sounds kind of like a, I guess a good tranny name.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then four is killing the Lobster.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mandara.
[SPEAKER_08]: Shantae, you stay.
Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not saying trannies are the same as drag queens because that's offensive and even that term is offensive to some so I apologize.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm just trying to be ignorant radio hosts.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, mission five is killing the masked ninja.
[SPEAKER_03]: So it's side-scrolling.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can throw your shuriken.
[SPEAKER_03]: You can hit them with your sword.
[SPEAKER_03]: And you also have ninja magic.
[SPEAKER_03]: And your enemies can hide behind boxes or use blocks to shield your attacks.
[SPEAKER_03]: And then if you complete each stage without using your ninja magic or without using any shuriken or bullets, you earn points bonuses.
[SPEAKER_03]: And you have three minutes to finish each stage.
[SPEAKER_03]: So for the Master System, it came out in Japan on June 19, 1988, and then came out in the U.S.
[SPEAKER_03]: after that.
[SPEAKER_03]: There were different bonus stages that were in the game.
[SPEAKER_03]: We had, for home versions, we had the Amiga, we had the Atari ST, Commodore 64, the Armstead CPC, and ZX Spectrum.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they were all developed by the Sales Curve and published by Virgin Mastertronic.
[SPEAKER_03]: and in Europe and by Sega in North America except for the Armstrong and Spectrum versions because guess what?
[SPEAKER_03]: We didn't have that.
[SPEAKER_03]: The PC Engine version came out in Japan by ASMIC on December 8th, 1989 and then we had a NES version and like I said later on came out on Wii and Xbox 360 and then in the Sonic's Ultimate Genesis collection it was included with that too.
[SPEAKER_03]: So yeah, there's actually not anything on here.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hold on, I'm going to find this real quick.
[SPEAKER_03]: Play some music, Rob.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not really music so much as it is dude jumping up over and over.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, the Spider-Man was actually in Revenge of Shinobi.
[SPEAKER_03]: But there were guys that moved like Spider-Man and Shinobi.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, there's totally like an inverse Spider-Man looking guy right in the first stage.
[SPEAKER_03]: And apparently Batman was in Revenge of Shinobi as well.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, that's it.
[SPEAKER_03]: Shinobi.
[SPEAKER_08]: There it is, your classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Shinobi for the arcades by Sega.
[SPEAKER_03]: Do you know what Shinobi means?
[SPEAKER_08]: No.
[SPEAKER_03]: I think it means stealth, but don't quote me.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: We are going to take a break here, folks, but we will be right back.
[SPEAKER_08]: Don't go anywhere.
[SPEAKER_08]: We have rapid fire news coming up.
[SPEAKER_08]: Twitter topics at twitter.com slash OLR.
[SPEAKER_08]: Get those in the mailbag at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and more news all when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this July the 15th of 2012 with episode number 465 of our show, live as we are every Sunday at vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: We're about to get into some rapid-fire news, but I wanted to ask Jamie.
[SPEAKER_08]: I noticed one thing we haven't talked about on air yet is what we're eating behind the scenes.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki is chowing down on his Carl's Jr.
[SPEAKER_08]: tonight, but DarkSakura and I were enjoying beer.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, because beer is the food of the gods.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I gotta say, it's pretty awesome because today, just on a whim, Alan and I went out for lunch, brunch, whatever, at this place we've gone to for dinner sometimes, a brewing company we have here in SAC.
[SPEAKER_08]: And we went there for lunch, and what we learned today is that whenever you eat there on a Sunday, they give you free beer to go.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, the waitress came by and was like, okay, now you get free 22-ounce beer for each entree you order, so what beer did you want to take home with you?
[SPEAKER_08]: And we're like...
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, let's get into some rapid-fire news.
[SPEAKER_08]: Some games you can play while you enjoy your beer.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I'm sure this first one will be a really hilarious game with enough beer.
[SPEAKER_07]: So, you know, Ubisoft, purveyors of many dance games, some great, some good.
[SPEAKER_07]: You may remember that they did Michael Jackson The Experience.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_07]: Then Black Eyed Peas The Experience.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, I'll follow you there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now it's the hip-hop dance experience.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yes, you can dance like other hip-hop artists, including they're going to have Rapper's Delight, and they even mentioned Flo Rida.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I got to say, some of the video that they showed in there, they actually showed somebody doing a lot of floor work, which...
[SPEAKER_07]: Good luck seeing that on a Kinect.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't think that's going to be able to work, but neat if they show you, like, all the breakdancing stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, you know, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: When you talk about, like, Rapper's Delight being in the game, I can't help but think about this.
[SPEAKER_02]: That wasn't soon enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: I said hip-hop.
[SPEAKER_05]: I hit me to the hip, to the hip, hip-hop.
[SPEAKER_05]: You don't stop.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know that's quiet as hell and you can't hear that, but that's the rapping grandma from The Wedding Singer.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was great.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm torn in a couple reasons.
[SPEAKER_07]: One, I mean, I don't play a lot of dancing games.
[SPEAKER_07]: But back in high school, I did take a hip-hop dance class and it was fun.
[SPEAKER_07]: So it might be something I'm interested in.
[SPEAKER_07]: Probably not something I'm going to be picking up, although if I do get a free copy, I'll be sure to try it out.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not on camera.
[SPEAKER_07]: That'd be neat.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why not on camera?
[SPEAKER_07]: Gee, I wonder why.
[SPEAKER_07]: Black Eyed Peas, The Experience, though, should be pretty cheap by now, so I might try picking that up.
[SPEAKER_07]: They also, of course, this game is being done by Anise, and they're behind Late Beat Agents, so a little bit of a pedigree there.
[SPEAKER_07]: And, of course, the game itself looks very similar to Black Eyed Peas, The Experience.
[SPEAKER_07]: Neat, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um...
[SPEAKER_07]: Alright, so another cool bit of info.
[SPEAKER_07]: Nintendo released that they have sold over 5 million 3DS systems in the US to date.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's almost been a year's time since they've dropped the price on the 3DS.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not bad, not bad, considering that they weren't doing too well as of last year, around this time.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm sure that there was a big help thanks to Legend of Zelda, Ocarina of Time 3D, which sold over a million copies, Super Mario 3D Land, which sold 2.1 million copies, and Mario Kart 7, which sold 1.75 million copies.
[SPEAKER_07]: And of course, they haven't really said anything about Kid Icarus Uprising, so it's too bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I don't think it sold that many copies.
[SPEAKER_07]: and last but not least Capcom is bringing Jojo's Bizarre Adventure to HD and coming to the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade game the wonderful System 3 I can't remember it was on that weird arcade hardware
[SPEAKER_07]: But yeah, it's a 2D fighting game based on the anime series, manga series, and getting the typical Capcom HD up-res special filters treatment.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's going to be available for 1600 Microsoft Points or $19.99, and it launches on August 21st on the PlayStation Network and 22nd on Xbox Live Arcade.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, moving on.
[SPEAKER_08]: A lot of people went squee about this this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hello Kitty meets Sonic the Hedgehog.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, there's this little doll that is Hello Kitty meeting Sonic the Hedgehog.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I know this doesn't make good radio, but it's cute.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_08]: Hello Kitty Jumbo Plushie is available or will be available at Sega Amusement Parks in Japan starting in late July.
[SPEAKER_08]: It is commemorating the reopening of Sega's Tokyo Joyopolis on June 14th.
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess the Hello Kitty Chun-Li plush will have to do for now.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's available at Comic-Con for $40.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm pretty sure it's already gone if you want that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Not a fan of Hello Kitty cross Chun-Li?
[SPEAKER_08]: Not a fan?
[SPEAKER_03]: I don't like Chun-Li.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_08]: but he couldn't say much more than that and of course a lot of people are reading into that that oh well if you don't need to bug Capcom anymore it's because it's happening but I mean you know this has been speculated for a while it would make a lot of sense I'm sure it's a thing yeah
[SPEAKER_08]: The only bummer is it's going to come out the same year that new consoles start coming out, and I bet this is probably for the old consoles.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, I mean, hopefully people don't miss this.
[SPEAKER_07]: But it's something that they could release spring, fall.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, I don't even think it's necessarily a bad thing that's coming out for new consoles, and we don't even know if new consoles are coming out this next year.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it's speculated that's probably the earliest at the launch, but they could still hold off another year.
[SPEAKER_07]: True, very true.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um...
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, for fans of Street Fighter, there is going to be a PS3 Street Fighter anniversary collection, which actually I think I've brought up before.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because, I mean, this has been, the pictures have been out for a little while, but there's more stuff that's been slated for it.
[SPEAKER_03]: What's coming out with this is that it looks like it's going to have...
[SPEAKER_03]: The PS1 versions of Street Fighter Alpha The Street Fighter Alpha 3 for PSP And then DLC for Street Fighter 3 Third Strike Online And 175 PSN avatars Really all I care about is the Ryu statue All I care about That and I wouldn't buy it on PS3 I'd get it on Xbox 360 where I can use a decent controller
[SPEAKER_03]: and then Zone of the Enders there's going to be the HD collection and it's very cel-shaded and J-poppy it looks pretty good from what I saw but it's sorry my nose was itching but basically it's going to be there's a why am I so tongue-tied today?
[SPEAKER_08]: you drank beer?
[SPEAKER_03]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
[SPEAKER_03]: It's still going.
[SPEAKER_03]: We've got, as of today, Max Payne 3 for $30, which is 50% off.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anno 2070, Warhammer 40k, Payday the Heist, Tribes Ascend Starter Pack, From Dust, The Binding of Isaac for $1.24.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's 99 pence over in the UK.
[SPEAKER_03]: Indie Bundle 2 for $10 and Sonic Generations for $10.19.
[SPEAKER_03]: Which, I want Sonic Generations.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm thinking about getting that instead.
[SPEAKER_03]: So, that's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: to register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on vognetwork.com.
[SPEAKER_08]: Use the passphrase, bowling.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, this is the part of the show where we would usually ask the fugal question of the week, except there was a little bit of Rob fail this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't ask anything, so I apologize for that, but I will go ahead and plug our Facebook and Google Plus communities, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, and of course you can find us on Google Plus by searching for Orange Lounge Radio and answer whatever question we post next week.
[SPEAKER_08]: I was working on other VOG stuff literally all afternoon when I usually do the question.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's more songs in the network rotation and all that stuff now.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was one thing I was working on today, getting some more of that stuff coded and all that.
[SPEAKER_08]: So, yep.
[SPEAKER_08]: Otherwise, though, sadly, no question this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: But we will have the mailbag coming up after a few more news stories.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right.
[SPEAKER_07]: So let's talk a little bit about fun stuff, including...
[SPEAKER_07]: DRM that just sucks.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Ubisoft, you may remember, has the wonderful Uplay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or maybe in this case you don't play.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because their server is down.
[SPEAKER_07]: Perfect example of why this always connected internet DRM sucks.
[SPEAKER_07]: And Ubisoft's Uplay client, or you're not playing because it's offline right now,
[SPEAKER_07]: Uh, it's been down for a bit, and of course people are pitching a fit because, hey, I can't play my Assassin's Creed game, or hey, I can't, you know, log in at all, and this just sucks, but just kind of wanted to, uh, punctuate the fact that, you know, this is not a good method of DRM.
[SPEAKER_07]: In other words, here we go again!
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't understand why they...
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me just quote a few complaints in the Cannot Log Into Uplay forum on Ubisoft.
[SPEAKER_07]: Ubisoft, if you're going to be twats and treat your paying customers like criminals who get to avoid your crap by pirating them to begin with, here's a tip.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you're going to have always on DRM, make sure your DRM is always fucking on.
[SPEAKER_07]: and, you know, of course, let's see here.
[SPEAKER_08]: How long until the class action lawsuit?
[SPEAKER_08]: Probably not going to happen, but... Are you kidding, Loki?
[SPEAKER_08]: This is America.
[SPEAKER_08]: Of course it's going to happen.
[SPEAKER_08]: And before you all blah, blah, blah to me about the user and agreement and all that stuff you have to click OK to, please, like that, stop the guy who was bitching about Microsoft and, you know, the kid buying points.
[SPEAKER_08]: True.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like that's going to stop anyone.
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently, according to their forum manager, it's back up now.
[SPEAKER_07]: But, I mean, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just not very...
[SPEAKER_07]: S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
[SPEAKER_08]: Bobby in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, I am still sad SimCity has Always On DRM.
[SPEAKER_08]: They did confirm that recently again.
[SPEAKER_08]: They hope to learn from others' mistakes with their SimCity Always On DRM.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, granted, that's not Ubisoft, but still, it's one reason I probably won't buy it.
[SPEAKER_07]: The fact that they say that they want to learn from others' mistakes and they have Always On DRM proves that they haven't learned from other people's mistakes.
[SPEAKER_07]: Plain and simple.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, Diablo had problems.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yep, and Diablos continue to have problems.
[SPEAKER_08]: We went into this a little bit on Horde House, plug, plug, this week.
[SPEAKER_08]: My other show that's more about the Blizzard stuff, especially World of Warcraft, is that we were talking about how Diablo 3's endgame, even Blizzard has had to come out and say it's not quite what they anticipated.
[SPEAKER_08]: And Diablo 3, it's not a flop, but from a...
[SPEAKER_08]: Fanboy rabidness standpoint, like how loyal the fanbase is to the game, it's losing clout significantly.
[SPEAKER_08]: Significantly over Diablo 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know that sounds like a really weird ranking, but let me put it this way.
[SPEAKER_08]: If Diablo 4 were announced tomorrow, people wouldn't be as excited as they would have been if the game went a little differently.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's my point.
[SPEAKER_08]: So... Anyway...
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, also something to consider when people are pitching you the next expansion to StarCraft 2 or something like that.
[SPEAKER_08]: Which is still supposed to come out in 2013.
[SPEAKER_07]: Who gives a shit?
[SPEAKER_07]: Honestly, I mean... Rabid StarCraft players of which there are still a few.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, I understand that, but here's my thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Here's what I don't understand.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay, it's an expansion for what I assume is the single-player campaign, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Or co-op campaign or whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you're playing multiplayer just to play, like, deathmatches and stuff like that, who gives a shit about an expansion?
[SPEAKER_07]: Or is it supposed to add new units and stuff?
[SPEAKER_08]: You got it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Add new units and maps and other things that will be unique.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I believe the Blizzard Dota will be a part of the new expansion.
[SPEAKER_08]: Which is a big deal for some people.
[SPEAKER_08]: Whoopity shit.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, all right.
[SPEAKER_08]: If my Hello Kitty cross sonic thing would not make DarkSakura squee, I know this next story will make DarkSakura squee.
[SPEAKER_08]: So pay attention, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because announced during the Marvel panel at this year's San Diego Comic-Con, High Moon Studios developing and Activision Publishing a Deadpool game.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, and I've seen quite a bit of this.
[SPEAKER_01]: Quite pleased.
[SPEAKER_08]: And it's going to be launching on who knows what in 2013.
[SPEAKER_08]: We don't know if it's like a next gen thing or if it's, you know, for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, the usual suspects.
[SPEAKER_03]: Did they say if they got Nolan North to do the voice again?
[SPEAKER_08]: Nolan North will be reprising his role as the assassin.
[SPEAKER_03]: That was the one thing that I didn't see.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he's like seriously the best voice actor for Deadpool.
[SPEAKER_08]: Deadpool Deadpool
[SPEAKER_07]: Ubisoft already put out an Avengers game this year and it sucks.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's too bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is too bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: How do you fuck up the Avengers game?
[SPEAKER_07]: Apparently give it to Ubisoft.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why do you love Deadpool so much, DarkSakura, for those that may not know?
[SPEAKER_03]: Because he's freaking insane.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he's like one of the few good things that Liefeld did.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because Liefeld just cannot draw people at all.
[SPEAKER_03]: But Deadpool is just sort of like...
[SPEAKER_03]: yeah he goes around killing people but he makes jokes and he's really funny and he's fucked up in the head and like my old wallpaper for a long time was him killing a horde of clowns that were attacking him and it was the best thing ever and he's super funny in everything except there's way too many Deadpool comics out right now so the market was way oversaturated and it also gives Liefeld an excuse to draw again and I do not like Liefeld's drawing and there's the tendency to defect the fourth wall
[SPEAKER_03]: yes that too because well the only other I think like there's a couple of other Marvel characters that do that one of them being She-Hulk who her law firm uses old issues of Marvel comics as legal research so it's pretty funny but yeah she and Deadpool who were two of my favorite characters break the fourth wall all the time and that and Deadpool talks to his inner voices and sometimes they tell him he has to pee and other stuff all right Darsara what do you got for us next in news
[SPEAKER_03]: In news?
[SPEAKER_03]: It's not mail time?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, not yet.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, how about Valve having a counter for EA's statement about cheapening intellectual property?
[SPEAKER_03]: and basically EA's dude said that Steam's huge sales will cheapen intellectual property and that they're not going to copy that.
[SPEAKER_03]: They said the game makers work hard to make the intellectual property and we're not going to be Target.
[SPEAKER_03]: We're trying to be Nordstrom.
[SPEAKER_08]: Did you see that there was a great side-by-side picture of all these games on Origin and then what they cost on Steam right now and it was really something else.
[SPEAKER_08]: But you know...
[SPEAKER_08]: In the digital world, first off, Target is really not a bad store.
[SPEAKER_08]: I proudly shop at Target, despite all the anti-gay stuff you're hearing on the internet.
[SPEAKER_03]: Target gets deals, though, with actual big-name designers.
[SPEAKER_03]: They worked with Anna Sui.
[SPEAKER_03]: Isaac Miserati.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_03]: So they get good deals out there, and they bring designer goods to the average market.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, if you had said Nordstrom and the 99 Cent Clearance Center, or a store I prefer not to go to in some neighborhoods, maybe I would understand that a little more, but Target's not exactly a bad place.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, here's the other thing, too.
[SPEAKER_07]: They do realize that no one's holding a gun to these developers' heads about marking their games down.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's something that these developers chose to do, or these publishers chose to do.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, but isn't one of them EA?
[SPEAKER_08]: Because Mass Effect 2 and some of the older stuff...
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, they're the ones that chose to do that to mark it down, so...
[SPEAKER_07]: If you don't want cheap in your product, then why include yourself in the sale?
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, it's not Steam going, okay, we're going to, hey, developer, you know what?
[SPEAKER_07]: We're just going to go ahead and mark your title down so you're just going to be getting less money for each copy sold.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, they're not doing that.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're coordinating with these people that want to be part of these sales.
[SPEAKER_07]: So EA is a bit hypocritical there that they're like, oh, these guys shock.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's mark our own titles so we can get some more sales.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, how about I finish the article?
[SPEAKER_03]: Because they interviewed the business development chief, Jason Holtman.
[SPEAKER_03]: And he was basically saying they're making money for all of their partners.
[SPEAKER_03]: The discounts serve different functions.
[SPEAKER_03]: And to quote on here, highlighting serves a lot of functions.
[SPEAKER_03]: the qualities of the games serve a lot of functions everything we've seen PC games and IP and all those franchises are more valuable today than they were four or five years ago and he goes on to say later on that
[SPEAKER_03]: Here's a quote here.
[SPEAKER_03]: We do it with our own games.
[SPEAKER_03]: If we thought having a 75% sale on Portal 2 would cheapen Portal 2, we wouldn't do it.
[SPEAKER_03]: We know that there are all kinds of ways customers consume things, get value, come back, build franchises.
[SPEAKER_03]: We think lots of these things strengthen it.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they said later on that if we were somehow on a cycle...
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, they're saying that based on their 40 million users, that they haven't run into the people waiting for stuff to go on sale.
[SPEAKER_03]: They said that if they were seeing people just waiting for stuff to go on sale, they definitely wouldn't do it with their own titles.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it's their own titles that they put out there first for those super sales.
[SPEAKER_03]: Because people will still order them.
[SPEAKER_03]: They'll still wait for that release date.
[SPEAKER_03]: They'll still want it day one because they're fans of it and they like the service.
[SPEAKER_03]: And they know that later on there's going to be another good deal with it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Remember when they gave Portal away for free?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_08]: They gave it away for free.
[SPEAKER_08]: And they conveniently did that not long before Portal 2 came out.
[SPEAKER_03]: and it was also right in line with the Mac version of Steam so and this one thing that I really liked is that they recognize that there's a user base on Mac that wants to play the games so they're making them available and now we've got them working on Linux so they know people aren't just PC gamers hello artists like to play games too that Borderlands Game of the Year edition for $7.50 it's mighty convenient that Borderlands 2 is coming out in September yeah a little bit a little bit
[SPEAKER_07]: Which you should pick it up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pick up both of them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Borderlands, Game of the Year.
[SPEAKER_07]: Three hours left, I think.
[SPEAKER_07]: Or it was very few hours left when I purchased it before the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: It might already be done.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, a few more stories for you guys and then the mail back.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I'm sorry.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, the other thing, too, is that Origin is still sitting at number two with 11 million registered users.
[SPEAKER_03]: And Steam has, like I said, 40 million registered users.
[SPEAKER_08]: EA is kind of forcing people to register too.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, to be fair, Valve did that too in the beginning and people didn't like it, but I'm just saying how much of that 11 million were people that wanted to sign up for the service or how many are Battlefield 3 and Mass Effect 3 players that had no choice?
[SPEAKER_03]: I'll tell you what, I still launch Mass Effect 3 through Steam because I can do screencaps.
[SPEAKER_03]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_03]: A little work around.
[SPEAKER_08]: A little bit.
[SPEAKER_08]: A few more stories for you guys and then the mailbag.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com to send us an email for a future week.
[SPEAKER_08]: But first, Loki.
[SPEAKER_07]: So not to be outdone by the summer of arcade, the PlayStation Network has decided to go ahead and launch PlayStation Network Play.
[SPEAKER_07]: which is kind of like Summer of Arcade during the month of August.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're going to release a bunch of different games that are going to be kind of part of this including, and actually I guess it's part of July too.
[SPEAKER_07]: July 24th to August 27th is when it's going to run.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's going to be four games launched on the PlayStation Network.
[SPEAKER_07]: Papo and Yo, Sound Shapes, Counter-Strike Global Offensive, and The Expendables 2 video game.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um,
[SPEAKER_07]: And I guess if you buy any combination of those games, you actually get some money back.
[SPEAKER_07]: The more you buy, the more you get back.
[SPEAKER_07]: Two games gets you $3.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you buy all four games, you get $10.
[SPEAKER_07]: And if you're a PlayStation Plus member, you even get 20% on top of all that.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that's kind of cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: Very cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on to one more story.
[SPEAKER_08]: about Richard Garriott.
[SPEAKER_08]: Here he is again in our show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Apparently, he has raised $7 million for a new iOS game.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a social RPG.
[SPEAKER_08]: Right now, I guess, you know, is obviously the Portalarium, which, you know, Loki's talked about at length on the show previously.
[SPEAKER_08]: I fucking hate that game.
[SPEAKER_08]: You hate it because of what happened with Ready Player One.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hate it because it's a piece of junk.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is just absolute crap.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, if you're going to play absolute crap, yeah, it's kind of cool to collect old-ass nostalgia stuff, but it's a piece of shit game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, this new RPG that he's going to be funding here is called New Britannia.
[SPEAKER_08]: Portalarium
[SPEAKER_08]: which is Richard Garriott's new gaming venture is also supposed to be one of the launch companies in Zynga's partner program.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, that makes me double excited about this news.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let me just save everybody a lot of time.
[SPEAKER_07]: That game sucked.
[SPEAKER_07]: Garage sale game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, let's go to the mailbag.
[SPEAKER_08]: Every week you guys email us mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com We pull out a few of our favorite emails and read them right here on the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sounded vaguely Kermit-like, Rob.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi-ho, Kermit the E-Frog here.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, at any rate... Read the goddamn emails.
[SPEAKER_03]: I suppose if I say Kaden, that's a little bit too obvious, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_03]: Garrus I don't even know
[SPEAKER_03]: that just doesn't exist in reality with me the minute he said something about that to his wife the wife would just literally point and laugh at him I really wouldn't be turned on by that anyway not gonna lie, I would a little bit I love my husband exactly how he is and I think that dressing up for your significant other is stupid and a waste of money
[SPEAKER_03]: Now, I'd dress up for cosplay.
[SPEAKER_03]: Not necessarily.
[SPEAKER_03]: If we cosplayed together, that would be different, and then I'd have to pounce on them.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't think there's anything wrong with dressing up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Now, if my significant other would pay for a stripper that was dressed up like somebody, then... I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: I still don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: A hot redhead.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Pick a hot redhead.
[SPEAKER_07]: Anyone.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Dumb Shep!
[SPEAKER_07]: Sure, why not?
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, so moving on.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is from Clover and Nikon.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hi, OLR.
[SPEAKER_03]: I just wanted to share a picture of what the children watched one day at vacation care.
[SPEAKER_03]: It was an episode of the 80s Super Mario Brothers cartoon.
[SPEAKER_03]: Anyway, keep up the great show, and I will do my best to visit VOG with more CG art.
[SPEAKER_03]: And let me take a look at this picture.
[SPEAKER_03]: Of course, it comes up massive on my teeny little screen, so I can't.
[SPEAKER_08]: Fire Suit Flipping somebody off with the fire finger It's something all kids should watch
[SPEAKER_08]: It still gets rerunned on some little independent networks.
[SPEAKER_08]: Nothing like CBS or whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if your town has a ton of networks, I think for a while the PAX Network, remember that?
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't think they're called that anymore.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think they're ION or something.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's mostly God shows.
[SPEAKER_08]: But they would also have randomly Mama's Family reruns, which was a great show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Shut up.
[SPEAKER_08]: Or Mario Brothers, Super Mario Brothers Super Show for a long time.
[SPEAKER_08]: So anyhow.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, so, moving forward.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, OLR, it's been a while since I've written, but I wanted to extend a long overdue congratulations on the creation of the VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_03]: As a small business owner myself, I understand what a huge undertaking this must have been for you, and in such a small amount of time, it's truly a remarkable accomplishment.
[SPEAKER_03]: Also, I missed my opportunity to congratulate you on your landmark 10-year achievement.
[SPEAKER_03]: Thank you for all of the laughs and the pure entertainment that you have provided me over the years.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've been listening since 2005.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, you know what they say, better late than never.
[SPEAKER_03]: and is complimented by a truly unique cast of characters in Visionary World.
[SPEAKER_03]: Think Blade Runner meets Terminator.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's got me thinking of how much there must be hundreds of games every year that come out and are met with little to no publicity or claim that they deserve.
[SPEAKER_03]: I liked Fractal.
[SPEAKER_03]: That didn't seem to get a lot of buzz.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm gonna say the Cold Sept games like Cold Sept Saga on the 360 and I think I've referenced this on the show before but it's kind of like Magic the Gathering meets Monopoly I'm not sure why these games aren't like a bigger deal but I guess maybe it's kind of a niche thing but yeah I really like those games and they don't seem like I didn't even know the 360 one was coming out but like I saw like a random ass thing somewhere and I was like they're making one but that was several years ago that it came out I'm sure it's near impossible to find a copy of it now
[SPEAKER_08]: In a way, DDR, kinda.
[SPEAKER_03]: Incredible Crisis.
[SPEAKER_03]: Remember how we were all hooked on Incredible Crisis?
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh yeah, that's old school.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's really old school.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm trying to think of newer stuff.
[SPEAKER_03]: Imagine Party Babies, Rob, I found you a copy last night I loved Lost Odyssey, and a lot of people wrote that one off, and I don't know why I didn't actually realize that WTF came out Oh yeah, that was a long time ago I know, but I guess I wasn't thinking about it, because I was like, oh it's at E3, no one's going to pay for this You were asleep Yeah, I was asleep, but I found a copy used Easy, Earth Defense Force
[SPEAKER_03]: You and your bugs, of course.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is an awesome game.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, seriously, 2017 is a lot better than Insect Garmageddon.
[SPEAKER_07]: Insect Garmageddon is a more polished game, but it didn't sell what they had hoped.
[SPEAKER_07]: And because of that, the publisher didn't really support it.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that's kind of disappointing because the levels are really limited in it.
[SPEAKER_07]: But still a great game.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, and of course, President Cat.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, President Cat.
[SPEAKER_08]: Going to our chat room at chat.vognetwork.com or live.vognetwork.com ImmortalKing says, I would have said Psychonauts, but that game applies.
[SPEAKER_08]: AcidicVampire says, Lost Odyssey is the real Final Fantasy XIII.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I went there.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's because Final Fantasy XIII is really Final Fantasy XIV, and then XIV doesn't exist.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
[SPEAKER_07]: and so it was basically this like almost like a SEAL team or something like that coming in to solve this invasion of Tokyo from these robots there's another game that was similar that kind of flew under the radar I don't know if it was really good was Inversion which had like this gravity shifting mechanic to it and stuff oh yeah some people I knew were going crazy about that one
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, to finish the email?
[SPEAKER_03]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_03]: On a closing note, I'd like to give a shameless plug to a video game power-up themed art show called This Will Increase Your Ex.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's at Gallery 27 in Chicago and opening on Saturday, August 4th.
[SPEAKER_03]: If any of your listeners live in the city, I encourage you all to come and check it out.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've attached some vintage style posters of mine that will be in the show along with a few t-shirts we'll be selling.
[SPEAKER_03]: And I gave the link to the Tumblr to Ranma to put on our Tumblr and to follow.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it's gallery27chicago.tumblr.com And looking at the stuff, it's very, very good work.
[SPEAKER_08]: I know we got some Chicago peeps that listen to the show because I met some at ASEN.
[SPEAKER_08]: So check it out.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, these are pretty, your design skills are pretty fantastic.
[SPEAKER_03]: So I wish I could just, you know, post these in chat, but unfortunately I can't.
[SPEAKER_03]: So yeah, check out Gallery 27's Tumblr.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm actually going to follow them on my primary Tumblr.
[SPEAKER_03]: Done.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's your free emails?
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh.
[SPEAKER_03]: Jeez, Rob.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, OLR.
[SPEAKER_03]: I said Don.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, with that one.
[SPEAKER_03]: Hey, OLR.
[SPEAKER_03]: I'm a huge fan of your show.
[SPEAKER_03]: Only have been listening for the past three months, but I can tell you you have a devoted listener now as well as a new VOG member.
[SPEAKER_03]: Woot.
[SPEAKER_03]: Sucker.
[SPEAKER_03]: You're fired, Rob.
[SPEAKER_03]: My question is directed to you, Rob.
[SPEAKER_03]: There should be a comma, by the way, after you, just saying.
[SPEAKER_03]: You're new.
[SPEAKER_03]: If you're writing us, you've got to get the grammar treatment.
[SPEAKER_08]: Jamie does all this to the new listeners.
[SPEAKER_08]: Your grammar will be hazed.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, it will.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know that last email that we got had stupendously wonderful grammar?
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, an A-plus for that emailer.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, they win an invisible gold star.
[SPEAKER_08]: Soon we will have loot on VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_08]: We can actually do a gold star email award.
[SPEAKER_08]: Awarded on VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_03]: I will reward you for proper grammar and good spelling.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want to hear my question.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hear that you have started playing Final Fantasy XI again.
[SPEAKER_03]: This is my very first MMO I ever tried and I fell completely in love with this game as already being an FF nut before.
[SPEAKER_03]: As life went on and started realizing that this game is such a time sink, I left the game and started playing WoW, something a little less hardcore and time consuming than Final Fantasy XI is.
[SPEAKER_03]: You think that's less time consuming?
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, because you don't have the grind.
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, you can spend all fucking day and night playing WoW, but you actually will accomplish something.
[SPEAKER_03]: True.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have me interested in Final Fantasy XI once again with some of the changes you have said they have made.
[SPEAKER_03]: My question is, is there still a good amount of people playing?
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, I'm gonna fix your grammar.
[SPEAKER_03]: Are there still a good amount of people playing?
[SPEAKER_03]: Is there a lot of downtime LFG or no?
[SPEAKER_03]: Syllable and still need groups?
[SPEAKER_03]: As a former Dark Knight, what would you suggest my starting job be?
[SPEAKER_03]: Big fan of DPS.
[SPEAKER_03]: Keep up the good work, gang.
[SPEAKER_03]: Love you guys.
[SPEAKER_03]: Travis.
[SPEAKER_08]: Um, okay, trying to get some of those questions out of the way.
[SPEAKER_08]: Is it hard to find a group for leveling?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, not at all, because everything's done in alliances now.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's like when you first start the game, you're gonna just head over to Gusken Mines, which I know is a foreign thing, because it's like, no, no, I go to the Dunes, and then I go to Quefam Island.
[SPEAKER_08]: Nope.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now you go to Gusken Mines, the place of the scary siren, and you do the field manual for skeletons, and you can...
[SPEAKER_08]: Group that all the way to level 40.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then after that, you go to Crawler's Nest.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if you get to level 40 in a couple days, you're going to be so freaking happy as it is.
[SPEAKER_08]: You'll kind of figure the rest out.
[SPEAKER_08]: Are there still a lot of people playing the game?
[SPEAKER_08]: Depends on your opinion of a lot of people.
[SPEAKER_08]: They merged some of the servers some time ago.
[SPEAKER_08]: You remember how we used to talk about the fairy server when we were talking?
[SPEAKER_08]: Remember the old days of OLR and the fairy server?
[SPEAKER_08]: There is no more fairy server.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was merged with the Sylph server, which is ironically enough the server that I'm on now.
[SPEAKER_03]: Which is another type of fairy.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, so it's appropriate.
[SPEAKER_03]: That's still the fairy server.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, it's just now a different name.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I did a see all slash see all the other day, and there were 1,080 people online.
[SPEAKER_08]: So I'd still call that a fair amount of people.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now, whereas it's easy to find leveling groups...
[SPEAKER_08]: People are still having a hard time finding groups for missions and things like that and you gotta find your way into a link shell.
[SPEAKER_08]: There's still the Juno shouts and all that stuff and you might be able to find something but you can expect that some of that will still be a little bit of a wait and that's kind of the problems I'm starting to have with it is that whereas the leveling thing is awesome, the rest of it's less awesome.
[SPEAKER_08]: I probably am not going to renew past this month.
[SPEAKER_08]: Shane told me he's not renewing past the month because of other stuff, and I'm like, I don't even want to play by myself.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I don't have a link shell on there or anything, so I'm like, I'll wait and get Guild Wars 2 when it comes out.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I like you...
[SPEAKER_08]: and Final Fantasy XI wasn't my first MMO, but it was the first one I played a lot of.
[SPEAKER_03]: I played a decent amount of it for a little while.
[SPEAKER_03]: I brought in a bunch of friends of mine from other forums that I was on to play with us too.
[SPEAKER_08]: And like you, I quit for WoW.
[SPEAKER_08]: I didn't quit that for WoW.
[SPEAKER_03]: Oh, remember?
[SPEAKER_08]: No, no.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm saying like you, the emailer.
[SPEAKER_08]: I quit for a while.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: I will say this, though.
[SPEAKER_08]: During that Steam sale that we talked earlier about, the Abyssia edition, 12 bucks on Steam right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: And you get the 30.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki just lit up.
[SPEAKER_07]: No, no, I can't do that.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's worth checking out.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: Go have a flirt.
[SPEAKER_08]: Go have a kiki with Final Fantasy XI for 30 days.
[SPEAKER_08]: And with your 12 bucks.
[SPEAKER_08]: Just go see.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's worth it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't need more things to take away time.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm talking to the emailer again.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, that's my answer.
[SPEAKER_08]: Did I hit all the questions in the email?
[SPEAKER_08]: I hope I did.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yeah, but now we need a Mass Effect MMO.
[SPEAKER_08]: Is that it for emails?
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, but Mass Effect.
[SPEAKER_08]: Give DarkSakura more emails to read.
[SPEAKER_08]: Make her work.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Let's do some angst.
[SPEAKER_03]: You know what, Rob?
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's not do some angst.
[SPEAKER_03]: You're going to say that one time and I'm going to have laryngitis and you'll have to read them all.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll make Loki do it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Or I'll get Alan in here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alan!
[SPEAKER_08]: Read emails.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, let's be pissy.
[SPEAKER_03]: F you to my indigestion.
[SPEAKER_03]: I mean, I didn't really have anything that was unhealthy.
[SPEAKER_03]: I ate salad, had beer, and coffee.
[SPEAKER_03]: So what's up with that?
[SPEAKER_07]: FU to a bunch of, well, FU to the fact that Nelly's car has a screw through the tire, so that was fun today, putting the donut on.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I have to take off work tomorrow and get that fixed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Which they'll do for free, so that's not so bad.
[SPEAKER_07]: Still annoying.
[SPEAKER_08]: Is that it?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, that's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: My FU of the week.
[SPEAKER_08]: I really don't have anything serious, so I guess I have to do something a little more superficial.
[SPEAKER_08]: FU to the fact that I didn't get Civilization V for Alan on Steam when it was $8, and now it's up to a whole $14.
[SPEAKER_08]: What am I going to do?
[SPEAKER_08]: So much money.
[SPEAKER_08]: God.
[SPEAKER_08]: I could buy another copy of Final Fantasy Amicia Edition.
[SPEAKER_08]: or not.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, I'm sorry I don't have a better FU, but things are going pretty well, can't complain.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, a few more stories for you guys, and then the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR or Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
[SPEAKER_08]: And a few more news stories on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
[SPEAKER_07]: As I mentioned, this week we're getting, well, we got a Minecraft update.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's awesome!
[SPEAKER_07]: 1.73 was the update.
[SPEAKER_07]: It added pistons and sticky pistons, and that's pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Shears, which you can now use to collect leaf blocks, which...
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't really work out too well when you're, you know, making bushes, but you can make it work, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, now they have Flint and Steel or Redstone is required to detonate TNT, because it was annoying when I accidentally dropped TNT on the ground, and then I had to encase the thing in obsidian so that I wouldn't blow anything up in my house.
[SPEAKER_07]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, they're adding the option for character skins.
[SPEAKER_07]: In fact, Monday, the 16th, they're going to be putting up a pack of character skins with 40 different skins for like 240 Microsoft points, which I'll probably be buying because that's a really good deal.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, but really?
[SPEAKER_08]: Skins?
[SPEAKER_08]: Whatever.
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't even see yourself.
[SPEAKER_08]: You only see in multiplayer.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it's a little silly.
[SPEAKER_08]: But then again, I bought lots of silly crap for Mass Effect, so I'm not going to judge you much.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's silly, but whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: The thing that is kind of annoying, though, is apparently the pistons don't work very well in Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you put too many near each other, the game will lag out or crash.
[SPEAKER_08]: It can't handle the pistons, Captain!
[SPEAKER_07]: It can't.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that is unfortunate because you can't build some of the stuff that you can on the PC version.
[SPEAKER_07]: Also, there's a new lightning engine that they added in there, which looks pretty nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: Some people don't like it because it's too yellow, but I think it looks nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then, of course, new textures for some of the objects, including cobblestone, which I like a lot better.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's less...
[SPEAKER_07]: Garish, I guess.
[SPEAKER_07]: And then also, you're going to be getting some free stuff, Rob, if you don't like buying skins.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now you're speaking my language.
[SPEAKER_07]: On July 18th, you'll be able to get a customized Summer Arcade skin pack with five...
[SPEAKER_07]: skins in that as well as also if you don't have Minecraft or you want to get some stuff for Trials Evolution you can get new theme tracks they're going to be once a week alongside each new game so that's kind of cool very cool
[SPEAKER_07]: Pro Skater HD is coming out next week.
[SPEAKER_08]: That could be pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: Chiggers in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Someone should build Castle Grayskull in Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_08]: Surely that's happened.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm sure it's happened.
[SPEAKER_08]: Remember, if you can dream it, it's probably happening on the internet right now.
[SPEAKER_07]: I look it up, even.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's move on to one more news story tonight, officially, and that is about game movies.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yay.
[SPEAKER_08]: God of War.
[SPEAKER_08]: Still supposed to happen.
[SPEAKER_08]: Still supposed to become a movie at some point.
[SPEAKER_08]: The screenplay is being rewritten by Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan.
[SPEAKER_08]: Don't recognize those names?
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, you should pay attention to the credits of Saw 4, 5, and 6.
[SPEAKER_08]: Feast 2, Sloppy Seconds, and Feast 3, The Happy Finish
[SPEAKER_08]: They will be writing the God of War movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: What about Feast 4, The Feastening?
[SPEAKER_08]: Then again, does a God of War movie really need dialogue when it needs tits and violence?
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, that's really what we're looking for.
[SPEAKER_08]: And certainly the Saw films have violence.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, we need someone to yell, you know, ARIES!
[SPEAKER_08]: I really hate the Saw movies, you guys.
[SPEAKER_08]: I really hate them.
[SPEAKER_07]: I missed the last one.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I haven't seen the rest of them, but I missed the last one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because you kind of have to see them all if you've already watched that many.
[SPEAKER_08]: I would rather see this movie at this point, and this is also not my kind of movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: Need for Speed.
[SPEAKER_08]: Don't get me wrong, I like the games, but I'm not a big race car movie fan.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'm not like the Fast and Furious stuff, and...
[SPEAKER_08]: February 7th, 2014 is when the Need for Speed film is coming out.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's amazing, considering they haven't shot any film yet, but I guess they're fast-tracking it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's going to be directed by an ex-stuntman, which I find interesting.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not based on a specific game in the series.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's just Need for Speed on a racing movie.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think it should just be based off the run, because that actually had a plot.
[SPEAKER_08]: There will be cars and explosions, and that's all you want.
[SPEAKER_08]: And hopefully...
[SPEAKER_08]: Tits and Violence Maybe there'll be a cross promotion there God of War Racing TigerClaw in chat says Now the question is, is the God of War movie going to be PG-13 or R?
[SPEAKER_08]: Chance with those people, it'll be a hard R given their connections with Saw Yeah, I'm with you, it's probably going to be a hard R Or a fuzzy NC-17
[SPEAKER_08]: Because remember, violence is okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: Decapitations, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_08]: Torture, porn, A-okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: You're a hard R. But if you show penis or vagina, you're NC-17.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_07]: Really, it's NC-17 if it's male anatomy being shown.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, I don't really care about anyone else's wee.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you want to get technical...
[SPEAKER_08]: You can show a lady's pubes and you can kind of show like the general thing from far back.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like, you know, oh, I know what that is.
[SPEAKER_08]: But if like the minute a labia shows up or is identifiable, now it's NC-17.
[SPEAKER_08]: The more you know.
[SPEAKER_03]: Okay, by the way, when anyone asked about doing the Castle of Lions, someone actually did Voltron in Minecraft.
[SPEAKER_03]: Just saying.
[SPEAKER_07]: Labia, Fuck
[SPEAKER_07]: 1-877-GAME-OLR I want one of those movies to be horribly misrated, like rated G for like, you know, the human centipede 4, 3 I have a friend that is totally into those movies Speaking of movies that are worse than Saw Oh my God
[SPEAKER_08]: 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: The Skype line is open right now for you guys to call in.
[SPEAKER_08]: In the meantime, last minute stories, Loki?
[SPEAKER_08]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to kind of comment.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have some tweets too.
[SPEAKER_07]: I was going to comment real quickly on the Ouya.
[SPEAKER_07]: There was actually a Google Doc that some of the developers are keeping track of that shows all the people committed to it so far, including Exploding Rabbit.
[SPEAKER_07]: Remember them?
[SPEAKER_07]: They were the ones doing the Super Retro Squad game and also they did the
[SPEAKER_07]: Mario Crossover stuff, Renegade Kid doing some stuff for them.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll go over some other stuff.
[SPEAKER_07]: A lot of Kickstarter games.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let's go to the phones.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, DarkTetsuya, what's on your mind, buddy?
[SPEAKER_06]: So there's this Sorry, it's
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, turn down the radio because you're going to get distracted when you hear yourself.
[SPEAKER_08]: You'll be like, it's recursive Dark Tetsuya.
[SPEAKER_06]: Sorry, I guess I heard something about this.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sorry, I have to write down that I owe Travis Donovan a quarter.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let me write that down.
[SPEAKER_08]: I owe Travis 25 cents.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, go ahead.
[SPEAKER_06]: So there's this new service called Playism.
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know if it's mentioned on the show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Playism?
[SPEAKER_08]: Not familiar with it?
[SPEAKER_08]: You know that, Loki?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, because they have a lot of Mulana.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I see where this is going.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_06]: Go ahead.
[SPEAKER_06]: No, the neat thing is all these games don't have any DRM on them.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, thank God, because Ubisoft can go...
[SPEAKER_08]: Yep, 15 bucks, no DRM I'm just curious, are you getting paid off by the devs of La Mulana?
[SPEAKER_07]: No.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because if not, you should be.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, you really should be.
[SPEAKER_08]: You should think about, like, when we write our letter to Pinkberry demanding free Pinkberry, you really need to get a free copy of La Mulana.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, I probably should.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why do you love La Mulana so freaking much, Dark Tetsuya?
[SPEAKER_06]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's got, like, a really great story and this huge world you can explore.
[SPEAKER_06]: It's like a
[SPEAKER_06]: Metroid or Castlevania or something.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know what?
[SPEAKER_08]: It's got to have tits in it somewhere.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's what it is, isn't it?
[SPEAKER_08]: There's a tit scene.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay, maybe not.
[SPEAKER_06]: Yeah, bird.
[SPEAKER_06]: Well, this new one does have a new female character in it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, hey!
[SPEAKER_08]: I guess I wasn't too far from the truth.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Dark Tits to you.
[SPEAKER_08]: So everybody go check out La Mulana ASAP.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anything else you want to plug?
[SPEAKER_06]: Just the site, playism-en.com to go check that out.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, I'm really thinking you should go get a job with them, Mr. Social Network Manager.
[SPEAKER_08]: You'd do great.
[SPEAKER_06]: I should look into that.
[SPEAKER_08]: You absolutely should.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, Dark Ted, see you.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thanks for calling.
[SPEAKER_08]: Take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_06]: Not a problem.
[SPEAKER_06]: Bye.
[SPEAKER_08]: Love it.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, we got another call coming in.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_08]: Hello?
[SPEAKER_04]: Hey, how's it going?
[SPEAKER_04]: Travis.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, Travis.
[SPEAKER_04]: Hey, how's it going?
[SPEAKER_08]: Hey, what's up?
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't have like a cool nickname?
[SPEAKER_08]: You just go by Travis?
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, not that that's a bad name, but... No, it's Tito1381, but I just want to apologize to Jamie for having such sucky grammar.
[SPEAKER_04]: I know that I suck at it.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, but I was just wanting to... I mean, thank you very much for...
[SPEAKER_04]: Answer my email.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm glad to hear it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm probably going to get back into Final Fantasy XI because it was one of my favorite games.
[SPEAKER_03]: Uh-oh, you're stuck.
[SPEAKER_03]: They've got you.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_03]: Run while you can!
[SPEAKER_08]: Square Enix owes me a quarter for getting Travis back into Final Fantasy XI, so I'm just going to sign the back of the check to Travis Donovan.
[SPEAKER_08]: for stealing jokes.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's so much fun to know that I can get back on it for only $12.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I was definitely on the Steam today and I was like, oh yeah, there it is, $12.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm probably going to get back on it and jump back on it and just test it out again.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I am another one that's waiting for Guild Wars 2 to come out.
[SPEAKER_04]: So I'm excited about that as well.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's a great, and it works perfectly because if you start now, your 30-day trial will be up like the week before Guild Wars 2 is out.
[SPEAKER_04]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_08]: Now here's a question for you.
[SPEAKER_08]: Did you ever play Final Fantasy XIV?
[SPEAKER_04]: I never did, no.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's better left into your imagination.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's not pretty.
[SPEAKER_08]: They should have just made 11 with high definition graphics and they didn't do that.
[SPEAKER_08]: They made something a lot sadder, sadly.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll be honest with you, I was so excited about it once I heard about it because I was like, oh wow, another MMO from Final Fantasy and then all of a sudden I heard about how horrible it was doing it right in the beginning and I was like, no, it can't happen.
[SPEAKER_04]: It can't happen like this.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was just rushed, and it's unfortunate.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know what the hell they were thinking.
[SPEAKER_08]: They said they were getting inspiration from World of Warcraft and stuff, and I didn't see any of that.
[SPEAKER_08]: I saw that they were trying to do some of the 60-minute things you could do in more bite sizes that you do in Final Fantasy XI, and I respect them for that, but Final Fantasy XI implemented some of those things and kind of one-upped it.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's really weird when you're thinking like, gosh, Final Fantasy XI, I really missed that game.
[SPEAKER_08]: XIV, eh.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, exactly.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, congratulations on 10 years, guys.
[SPEAKER_04]: And like I said, you got a devoted fan.
[SPEAKER_04]: I love you guys a lot.
[SPEAKER_04]: And thanks for keeping me entertained.
[SPEAKER_04]: We're glad to have you.
[SPEAKER_03]: And yeah, I only point out the grammar of the people I care about, which is everyone.
[SPEAKER_08]: She teases because she loves.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, crack open a grammar book, and we hope to hear from you again about your experiences back in Final Fantasy XI.
[SPEAKER_08]: Because you might go back in there and be like, Rob...
[SPEAKER_08]: You are wrong.
[SPEAKER_08]: This game is all fucked up and I hate it.
[SPEAKER_03]: You have my permission to call Rob a bitch if he's misled you.
[SPEAKER_08]: Gee, thanks.
[SPEAKER_08]: Anything else on your mind, Travis?
[SPEAKER_08]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hey, Rob.
[SPEAKER_02]: We should get a ferret.
[SPEAKER_02]: For real.
[SPEAKER_03]: They're not that smelly.
[SPEAKER_03]: Start a Kickstarter to make a real ferret.
[SPEAKER_03]: How about we go to another call?
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: Who's this?
[SPEAKER_05]: This is Vormay, but I'm not in chat right now because I'm using the iPhone right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_08]: Oh, I see.
[SPEAKER_08]: With the iPhone, you can't... You gotta just use the phone part.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's alright.
[SPEAKER_08]: What's up, buddy?
[SPEAKER_05]: I was just wanting to talk about the import issue that was going on last week with the Final Fantasy Theater.
[SPEAKER_05]: And... I guess also the...
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, yeah, I was going to say the import issue was specifically about Persona, am I right?
[SPEAKER_08]: Because there's the whole issue where it's... He hung up.
[SPEAKER_08]: You don't want to talk to us anymore?
[SPEAKER_08]: What happened?
[SPEAKER_08]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I'm going to see if that number comes back through because I want to know a little more about what his perspective was on that because I kind of think we got it out there in the open last week that, well, we never did resolve the Theatrhythm thing, but obviously we have the different opinions on that.
[SPEAKER_08]: And then as far as the Persona games go, we didn't see the point for getting really upset about it because they are putting out the exact same game in both regions.
[SPEAKER_08]: I only get pissed about region locking when Japan gets these games that either we never get...
[SPEAKER_08]: Take President Cat was a perfect example.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was this whimsical, silly game that they should have really made it here.
[SPEAKER_08]: Why can't I import it if they're never going to release it ever, ever?
[SPEAKER_08]: Maybe it would have sold better.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: They bring a lot of weird stuff over here.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm surprised that never did come over here.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, pay attention
[SPEAKER_08]: Universal Studios and Konami are partnering.
[SPEAKER_08]: Universal Studios, and I'm not talking about the movie studio, I'm talking about the amusement park.
[SPEAKER_08]: You know, there's one in Orlando, there's one here in LA.
[SPEAKER_08]: They are teaming up together for Halloween Horror Nights.
[SPEAKER_08]: And apparently, Silent Hill is going to be getting a replica at this year's Halloween Horror Nights.
[SPEAKER_08]: That is going to be this October at both the Hollywood and Orlando parks.
[SPEAKER_03]: Ooh, wait, when?
[SPEAKER_03]: Just for Halloween?
[SPEAKER_08]: October, yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: They do something like all month long.
[SPEAKER_03]: Well, because if I go down for Disneyland, that means I'll be down in the area.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes, our other friends, Adrian and Gabe, who don't listen to this show, but they always take a day and not go to Disneyland, but they go to Universal Studios.
[SPEAKER_08]: So you should think about doing something similar and go to Silent Hill.
[SPEAKER_03]: I've never been to Universal Studios.
[SPEAKER_08]: But please don't get killed by Pyramid Head.
[SPEAKER_08]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_08]: or at least give him a hug.
[SPEAKER_08]: I'll hump him.
[SPEAKER_08]: That same number is calling back, so I want to try and get back to the phone.
[SPEAKER_08]: Hi, you there?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, I'm sorry about that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think I just took the iPhone.
[SPEAKER_08]: See, I called it, I called it.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, so what was it you wanted to say about it?
[SPEAKER_08]: I mean, do you have perspective on it or were you looking for our perspective or what's your opinion on the whole region locking?
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, well, I normally pick up import games on the regular and I picked up the rhythm back in February and March.
[SPEAKER_05]: and it was great and I also was about to pick up Persona Arena until I found out that they were going to region lock it only because I didn't buy the PS3 in Japan because it wasn't region locked but this issue really doesn't have anything to do with America this is more like Japan I think afraid of you know
[SPEAKER_05]: Japanese people stopped buying their games because, you know, I tend to, you know, play a lot of Japanese RPGs.
[SPEAKER_05]: I can read Japanese pretty effectively online and, you know, I kind of even like, you know, help out with the little community that they have, especially with the Tales games.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, I just wanted to just, you know, let people know that if you really want to, like, you know, to play, like, any employee games, you know, the prices for us won't really change.
[SPEAKER_05]: and this is really for Japan.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is really for like maybe having Japan have, you know, cheaper prices.
[SPEAKER_05]: But the people that buy games out there don't really, you know, pay too much attention to, you know, the gaming environment here in America.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a whole different environment over there.
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, people, I mean, like games are always $100, PS3 games or I think theater would be worth $80.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sure and I remember hearing a lot about that that the finances was it was maybe more region locked to protect the Japanese version of the game because it was going to be more expensive and people were legit worried that they were just going to be importing copies from America.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let me ask you this though from a consumer perspective or the gamer perspective you and I and especially somebody like you who plays a lot of import games and you know definitely I'm sure cares about
[SPEAKER_08]: Right, it's okay because I believe it's coming out for America within two weeks of the release of the Japanese one.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_05]: So, you know, I just, you know, I just, I was listening to Bobby Blackwell's show as well, a consecutive over two years.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think I assumed that you kind of believed what Bobby was saying and his friends, you know, about him, how he was going to boycott bears.
[SPEAKER_05]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_05]: All I was trying to say was that I just really thought people need to just relax.
[SPEAKER_05]: It isn't too much of a problem.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is a big,
[SPEAKER_05]: You know, Japan problem, you know, because when they have their game out, you know, they literally, you know, the prices, I think Final Fantasy XIII, when I bought it, which is from Japan, was like $115, no joke.
[SPEAKER_05]: Then, like, two weeks later, because people had a problem with it, it dropped to, like, $50.
[SPEAKER_05]: This is, like, in Japan.
[SPEAKER_05]: Imports never, like, changed their prices, the websites.
[SPEAKER_05]: But in Japan, that's how it was.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't want to speak for Bobby because I'm not Bobby, but I believe his perspective was pretty similar to ours where I think he really didn't understand why people, the consumers, were getting so upset about the region locking because it was the same game coming out in both regions.
[SPEAKER_08]: They had taken the extra step to preserve the Japanese language track even because they know the target audience for these types of games usually tends to overlap a lot with the same type of people that are really into Japanese culture.
[SPEAKER_08]: So he wasn't understanding why people were getting so upset about it.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think he kind of saw it from the same perspective we're getting at now.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know about the callers.
[SPEAKER_08]: He just clarified in chat, I have no problem with the region locking of Persona 4 for the record.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay, so if the games continue to come out like that
[SPEAKER_05]: I guess America wouldn't really see much of a problem.
[SPEAKER_05]: Is that what you're saying?
[SPEAKER_08]: and then we have to wait six months after that, which that's not even the part that really bothers me because Europe sometimes gets that end of the shaft.
[SPEAKER_08]: It kind of works in reverse.
[SPEAKER_08]: So that part doesn't really bother me.
[SPEAKER_08]: But A, the Wii's region lock, so I can't really import it.
[SPEAKER_08]: And B, when they end up releasing it here, it's a fucking GameStop exclusive.
[SPEAKER_08]: That pissed me off.
[SPEAKER_05]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, see, this is what I really think is going to be the next...
[SPEAKER_05]: for gamers that are playing games here in America or in Europe or in Japan because now our worlds are being flattened and now we can actually see it a little bit more and more people are buying games.
[SPEAKER_05]: I really feel like a consumer that wanted to play Xenoblade would have found the way to play it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Whether they would have imported it or pirated it, they would have found their way to playing it.
[SPEAKER_05]: So for them to wait six months only hurts them because I don't even walk into a GameStop anymore.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm going to go ahead and buy any different GameStop.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's either to buy a console that's region locked, or if there's a particular reason, I need a cable or something.
[SPEAKER_05]: But anything, I think the average employee gamer is savvy enough to buy games online or in other ways.
[SPEAKER_05]: Like the Kavita.
[SPEAKER_05]: The new Hatsune Miku is going to be coming out here.
[SPEAKER_05]: It's a music simulation game.
[SPEAKER_05]: People like it.
[SPEAKER_05]: but it may not come out here for a while but whoever likes those games can now download them from the I believe they can buy them from the Playstation store if they buy Japanese Vita which makes it great because it kind of bypasses the import problem so I just think we're going to see this more and more as time goes on it's going to be great because I think that some of the games that are actually coming out you can play them even if you don't know any Japanese you know
[SPEAKER_08]: I think you and I are on similar pages.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think if Project D.Va and all that was on the same page as Persona 4 and the way they're doing it, region locking wouldn't bug me whatsoever.
[SPEAKER_08]: But unfortunately, you gotta remember the roots of this show.
[SPEAKER_08]: We were hardcore DDR and Beatmania fans, and for so long, Konami's putting out all these great Beatmania 2DX mixes in Japan, and then they put one out here that, sure, it's got a better controller slightly, because they've had some time to perfect it, but then the song list itself, bleh.
[SPEAKER_08]: And there really ain't shit you can do about it on the PlayStation 2, but get a Japanese PlayStation 2.
[SPEAKER_08]: It's crazy.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, thanks so much for the call, buddy.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
[SPEAKER_08]: But I think we're on the same page with the region stuff.
[SPEAKER_08]: I appreciate you sharing your perspective on that.
[SPEAKER_05]: No problem.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Take care.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Take care, buddy.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's going to do it for calls tonight.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you guys who were able to get through and call in.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you didn't get through, I'm very sorry.
[SPEAKER_08]: But send us an email quick while it's on your mind.
[SPEAKER_08]: Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Or you can always send us tweets because we don't get a whole lot of them.
[SPEAKER_08]: Let me read one more tweet here and then I'll check in with Loki one more time for last minute stories.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if you guys have heard of Crunchyroll.
[SPEAKER_03]: Yes, the anime service.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yep.
[SPEAKER_08]: Korean dramas and animes are coming to the PlayStation 3 with the Crunchyroll app and Neon Alley apps.
[SPEAKER_08]: It'll be $6.95 for the anime or drama library or you can get both for $11.95 a month.
[SPEAKER_08]: That's pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: I hear Korean dramas are all kinds of awesome.
[SPEAKER_08]: I haven't really watched any myself.
[SPEAKER_08]: I don't know if these are subtitled.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've watched a lot of Japanese dramas.
[SPEAKER_01]: But Rob, anime doesn't need an S to make it plural.
[SPEAKER_08]: I wanted to give it one anyway.
[SPEAKER_08]: Neon Alley is a separate thing that's $6.99 a month and it has uncut anime all available with English dubs.
[SPEAKER_03]: It hasn't been circumcised.
[SPEAKER_08]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki, any other last minute stories?
[SPEAKER_08]: No.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Really?
[SPEAKER_08]: That's all right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, I don't want to talk about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's all right.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right.
[SPEAKER_08]: Fair enough.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, that takes us to the end of the show.
[SPEAKER_08]: I want to thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Already?
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_08]: No, it's almost nine o'clock.
[SPEAKER_08]: It was maybe about two and a half hours tonight, but we had some pretty epically long shows.
[SPEAKER_03]: I hope she went to sleep
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, I want to thank you guys for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: We really appreciate the support.
[SPEAKER_08]: We heard from some new people tonight, which is really cool.
[SPEAKER_08]: That means word is spreading.
[SPEAKER_08]: Thank you guys.
[SPEAKER_08]: If you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, it is a free show.
[SPEAKER_08]: All we ask, tell a friend or two about the show.
[SPEAKER_08]: Help spread the word about Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: I think some of our new listeners are coming from PlayStation Home and all the stuff going on there.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I know I've got Blender and Skull and some of those people to thank for that.
[SPEAKER_08]: TotalEclipseBlackAle
[SPEAKER_08]: Good job.
[SPEAKER_08]: Would drink again.
[SPEAKER_08]: And I have another 22 ounce beer sitting in the fridge.
[SPEAKER_08]: I love that they didn't give you a tiny beer.
[SPEAKER_08]: Like it wasn't a Bud Light sized beer.
[SPEAKER_08]: This is a beer.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like two pints.
[SPEAKER_08]: Nice.
[SPEAKER_08]: DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: My stomach hurts.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm going to go home.
[SPEAKER_07]: Aw.
[SPEAKER_07]: Loki, your final thought.
[SPEAKER_07]: I have joined both Steam communities now, so I'm all good.
[SPEAKER_07]: I just need to install Borderlands now because of the two games, I wanted to install one before I came to the show, and I chose Skyrim because it was much smaller to install.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm actually running out of hard drive space.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's not good.
[SPEAKER_08]: Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_08]: We'll be back next week.
[SPEAKER_08]: Sadly, DarkSakura will not be here.
[SPEAKER_03]: I won't be sad.
[SPEAKER_08]: Well, we'll be sad.
[SPEAKER_03]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_03]: I will miss the show.
[SPEAKER_03]: But it's Tiara's wedding.
[SPEAKER_08]: We all know Tiara.
[SPEAKER_08]: Yeah, absolutely.
[SPEAKER_08]: Happy wedding to Tiara.
[SPEAKER_08]: And if I remember, I'll play the song next week for them.
[SPEAKER_08]: so if Alan's not working he might co-host I also want to reach out to Flaco Jones because he needs to hopefully make up for the lost show I don't know if he can or not we will figure something out we will try to find someone to fill your shoes DarkSakura even though they are big shoes to fill I think I've got someone for you oh sweet happy with that
[SPEAKER_08]: Have a great week, everybody.
[SPEAKER_08]: Be safe.
[SPEAKER_08]: Don't be jerks.
[SPEAKER_08]: Have fun playing all those games on the Steam sale.
[SPEAKER_08]: Loki is waiting for you to join the VOG community and kick his ass at Borderlands.
[SPEAKER_07]: Well, it's co-op, I mean.
[SPEAKER_08]: All right, then don't kick his ass.
[SPEAKER_07]: We'll kick ass together.
[SPEAKER_08]: There you go.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hey, I got mail.
[SPEAKER_07]: I got an invite.
[SPEAKER_08]: I got mail, yay.
[SPEAKER_08]: Bye, guys.
[SPEAKER_08]: Have a great week.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_00]: To join us for a live show, tune in to VOGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_00]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
[SPEAKER_00]: See you next week!